Dear — I'd really like to know which one of you cum-guzzlers left my luggage unzipped after you searched it. Assholes.

. Sadly, can't go out and find heroes at the IKEA. Heroes have to find Wikileaks.

After reading the comments on http://maradydd.livejournal.com/515873.html, I'm now soundly convinced that neoconism is a form of insanity.

More on just how skewed US priorities are: http://bit.ly/bf4hBJ

I just saw this now — http://bit.ly/d9X55Q Are the DOD forensics folks so incompetent they *need* to point out their own watermarks?

. Didn't we make them out of foam, with clay nipples? It was you in the dress that night, right? I mean, aside from

. I recall there was a blowup doll involved. Oh, and you punched me in the junk, and put us in time-out.

The US Government's sense of priorities is so fucked. http://nyti.ms/93DhLK

"I wished the babies a happy zeroth birthday. (They're computer scientists' babies; they index from zero!)" —

Hey, are you the chap who owns biopunk.org? Any chance I could get an email alias on that domain?

Who-all's coming to the Singularity Summit next week? and I will be there! (shorter tag plz?)

. should be hunted down and grabbed and put on trial in the Hague for war crimes. Our generation's Kissinger.

..."A hero", as apposed to Ted Stevens, "an hero" of the Internet.

. That makes me rather sad to have missed

. The only thing I rely on for currently is search, and is an impressive competitor. Depends on "how really.

What, Steam access is blocked on the unclassified 'net on US bases? What's the point of that?

Hmm. Anyone know how the t.co link shortener is supposed to work? Would be nice if it automatically rewrote links in tweets.

I wonder how much of the drive to outsource call centers is jurisdictional arbitrage for criminal activity. http://bit.ly/9TtDn2

. You are a bad, bad man.

Has Texas? The TX/RX Hackerspace requires Mate!

Wheee. Off to Houston again. I'm afraid I'm turning nocturnal.

. I couldn't find any scenewhores; I was knee-deep in Feds at the Ninja Networks Party. — next time, advertise!

I have to give a plug for — great news links on developments in the field. Also , where I will be blogging.

Sadly, the latter rarely even realize there's a difference.

. I'm interested as well. might have ideas.

Pentagon knows Lamo will blab to the press; Pentagon can't comment on on-going cases. I smell ratfucking. DOD using Lamo to bias jury pool?

The sky is crying tears of joy that you have returned! I trust your travel was uneventful?

. You too? I went *twice* today!

Outside, smoking a clove in the sauna (I mean, the porch) at my in-law's place. Stray cat hops the fence and complains about the heat. Yeah.

Is anyone working on an identity protocol for federated microblogging? The current situation is not sustainable, and I have some ideas.

If you were one of the selfless, brave men or women who did rescue work groundzero resulting in life-threatening illness: $76K max settlmt

"I didn't learn any of this sneakin' around ninja bullshit. I learned how to fuckin' kill people." ( , on grudge matches.)

How's the expectant mother holding up?

I think you'd have to consider the frequency of the portion of the population that regularly flies in private planes, really.

. If you haven't already, you should head up Montmartre — view is amazing. Take the lift. Picasso museum is near there too.

. Not *that* slow. From what I understand about Google's TLS policies, at least, performance isn't a major factor in this.

, You may be right. I was mainly focused on my junk, to be honest. That's the only really vivid memory I still have of that night.

. If you refer to the sort of sites I think you are, they are quite useful in archive form for natural language search queries

. Oh, btw, the Erotica Museum (or whatever it's named) is actually quite classy. IIRC, it's near the Moulin Rouge.

— I can't reply to your direct message; maybe you're not following me?

At least it wasn't a bear!

Boy, can I ever relate to that.

I'd really like to see better integration with other microblogging services. E.g., how feasible is this:

I never notice, since I don't automatically follow people back. Every so often I get added by spammers, but dropped in a day-ish.

Is it possible to request priority on abandoned usernames, if they ever become free again? Your TOS leaves open that possibility...

I never really appreciated the width of a 160 character SMS until I lost 20 chars by using Twitter.

Suggestion: rewriting of username upon syndication, e.g., when this msg goes to twitter, should be

Oh, I'll always talk to you! (Just not always for the record. ;) )

. By that logic, you should be giving me root then, since you and I also got drunk & made out once! I even made falsies for you!

The current Blackberry privacy situation is exactly why providers should be embracing e2e crypto layers; you can't reveal what you dont know

I just explained the long-term effects of capsaicin on oral substance-P receptors to my mother-in-law.

. I'm interested in buying your twitter account. How much would you want for it?

(And hash tags are determined either by implicit consensus, or unilateral edict. I tried to coax the former, I now invoke the latter.)

Wait, you give root? You have root? trusts you with root, but not me? He's probably sleeping with my pet goat, too!

. needs the ability for users to post under a "group account" while logged in as themselves; credential-sharing is so 90s.

. There's a really nice guy who stands outside his club who will prob. talk to you. His 27 sisters are *very* lonely...

. Not me! I'm apparently banned from root access on boxen. WTF is our hashtag, anyway?

Off to the Houston hackerspace. Just got in the car, and realized I should bring a towel. How do y'all stand this humidity?

CNN's Malika Saada Saar's hitjob on my friend is just disgraceful, and undermines her cause.

Dear American Hackers: I get to drink Club Mate *all the fucking time*. For less than 2 euros. Neener neener.

I usually have a hard time figuring out who deserves the EFF Pioneer award, but this year's nomination was a no-brainer.

(Or I could just set up a twitter bot. That way I'd avoid being tempted to add my own commentary.)

Ugh, it's 10am. Time to go back to Kingwood and get to bed.

Hey, are you still out and about? and and I are hungry. Pies?

Whoops, I've been saying and meaning . Sorry, dude in Denver I don't know.

What do you need pants for?

Driving away from the hackerspace. Still have signal?

Regarding the metric gaming, my colleague Claudia Diaz and I predicted this in 2005 (in the general case; e.g GOOG News is vuln. also)

Hmm. Will I break 200 followers today? Seriously, I'm not that interesting.

OH: "That's enough identity theft for the night. Let's put the trash cans back."

I've spent the last five years thinking about the problem off and on. I'd be happy to brain-dump to if he wants.

Nearly 20 old CRT-based TVs stacked in piles at TX/RX. Apparently it's an art project. All I can think is "ooh, flyback transformers!"

I feel you.

. Sadly, not these days. 2 EUR = 2.65USD.

I just became Lifetime Emperor of TX/RX on Foursquare! Muahahah, suck that, <snark>

Oh, wow. I still have my Annalee Newitz fortune file. I should put up an "Annalee says" web page, with random deep thoughts for the day.

I love my friends. I mention Penrose's hypothesis that human brains are > Turing, and Bear takes issue with Hameroff's proposed mechanism.

(Yes, I'm still down in Houston, back at the hackerspace after a delightful evening Jewish food and toad husbandry at the House of Discord.)

I used to keep a running list of Annalee's moronic articles when she had a column in SF Guardian. Then the stupid hurt too much.

. I don't read that from what said; "the only tools of war" doesn't mean that war itself is always is necessary.

. It is — it's called "Suggestions for You" under "Find People". I expect it will leave the front page after initial exposure prd

I honestly prefer Red Bull, myself. Drinking Club Mate makes me think fondly of CCC, though.

Oh for fucks sake.

Jon Evans on http://www.walrusmagazine.com/blogs/2010/08/06/the-farce-of-war/

I just found two fornicating walkingsticks outside of a convenience store. Stuck them in a coffee — two bugs, one cup!

. is depressing me: http://www.salon.com/news/opinion/glenn_greenwald/2010/08/06/collapse

The walkingsticks are still fucking on the coleus plant. Damn, do I ever wish I had that stamina.

(To make things even better, the male was an amputee. Not to mention prob. 90% smaller than the female. Midget amputee bugsex!

Oof. I can't see out of my (burning) left eye, and my sinuses are going nuts. Damned cats.

So we're back to drone strikes on Iceland?

. It was a composite filling, so no mercury. It's probably also why it fell out — composites don't bond to enamel as well.

Between Eric Schmidt's asinine comments about anonymity, GOOG's flip-flop on net neutrality, and the Wave/Etherpad fiasco, now using Bing.

"Charlie Wilson's War" was excellent, if somewhat depressing. "We'll see," says the Zen Master.

FYI: you can easily archive the entire War Diaries by downloading the bundle: http://wikileaks.org/wiki/Afghan_War_Diary,_2004-2010

Wow. Pentagon Spokesman Geoff Morrell does not understand the Internet. This is embarrassing. http://cs.pn/a3PkQl

I finally had a dentist replace the filling I lost during an oral sex accident months ago. I look like I have Bell's Palsy. Nap time?

Holy shit. Was that a large cockroach, or a small bat, that just buzzed my head?

This is sick: http://is.gd/e37xI | I no longer recognise my mother country. America, history will judge you as evil incarnate.

Excellent interview with Julian on Democracy Now, if you missed it: http://bit.ly/cDw1LX

Defense fund for alleged war-crimes whistleblower Bradley Manning: http://www.bradleymanning.org/

. You're kidding, right? Facebook itself is a security vulnerability.

If Pentagon wonks really are hitting Wikileaks with keyword searches for key info, I hope is logging their queries.

Watching Charlie Wilson's War with my father-in-law. Houston is humid! The geckos are cute, though.

The Language-Theoretic Security Mailing List has launched; if you want to be on it, and haven't gotten an email, please let me know!

Can someone explain to me the difference between US Congressmen calling for the execution of alleged spies, and the Taliban doing the same?

. I'm fairly confident that Interpolique requires Haskell (unless you're using it alongside Dejector).

*hugs*

. with a sanity injection: http://www.ellsberg.net/archive/daniel-ellsberg-larry-king

Wait a minute. Did the Pentagon spokesperson just say that they're doing keyword searches for sensitive info *against the wikileaks db*?

. The irony is just a bit too thick for me.

You overestimate the intelligence of the average government spokesperson.

*hahahah* Um, no? | Pentagon Asks WikiLeaks To Return War Documents http://n.pr/axBnrb

Goodnight, Intarwebs.

Why Canadians should fear California cannabis legalization: http://bit.ly/99I2A0 (via )

. The damn things *dive bomb* you. I swear he was aiming for my head!

Oof. I hate insomnia. Two hours of sleep, maybe. Going to try to get another hour in before I have to go to the dentist appt of doom.

Has anyone pointed out that Thiessens publicly accused a member of Iceland's parliament of being part of a "criminal syndicate"?

Someone needs to write a Dejector grammar for PDF, to kill these PDF parsing exploits once and for all.

Advance notice next time! ;)

Hey, anyone remember when Google's Wave was going to replace email? Yeah.

. You should have just gotten the welcome message to the language-theoretic security mailing list. Enjoy!

. Oy, . actually brought that up recently. We fell back to Haskell though. BTW, if you want on the list, tell me.

. True, though we're not directly involved in several other applied projects underway that are also using haskell.

(Looks like it might be Lamo and Poulsen with "blood on their hands" if this asshole gets his way and has a true American patriot executed.)

How long are you in Europe, btw? Wondering if I'll be back before you're gone. Doubt it, but can't hurt to ask...

Not to mention the other langsec projects that are using Haskell — e.g. the extensible Dejector implementation.

Google's being incredibly stupid by killing Wave. Too few users? How about deciding that *after* people have had a chance to sign up?

(The lesson here: don't invest time/energy into early dev for Google products in beta, until you know the pointy-hairs won't pull the plug.)

The reason I never used Wave for much was that so few of my friends were using it. That said, I was developing an extension. What a waste.

word.

If you haven't seen this, Julian, you should watch it. It's both hilarious, and pathetic. http://cs.pn/a3PkQl

PGP is always an option...

. I confirmed my upcoming trip to TO at the end of Oct.; another trip across the pond, *just for you!* ;)

I accumulate tabs of things to read, until my browser crashes, at least.

Sadly, yes — only here for a week. Then Orlando, then San Francisco (again), then back home.

Dear dude who writes Obama's tweets — what does that even mean?

Yes, there is (though no clue on whether Symantec will uphold PGP's "no backdoor, published source" policies.)

Well, sure. It needs a language that handles true monadization though. We should talk about this offline.

Hey, let's make plans to get together when I'm back in the Bay Area — I miss you and , and cant wait to see the kids!

(I'm not intending to be too critical; the first year of any conference always has rough spots, and all-in-all this is great.)

feedback: The "panel discussions" are really lightning talks with combined Q&A; it'd be nice if the speakers knew that beforehand.

I mentioned MAPS in my talk; was glad to notice several people `Googling them. http://maps.org/

Anyone else still in LV? Got plans for the evening?

Back in Las Vegas, again. Party time! Thanks Joe &tc for the great conference

Hmm. Starting to get homesick for the echo of the cobblestones on my street and the music of the bells of Leuven.

Hmm. I bet and I were the first people to bring the badge back to the Bay Area. Too bad no time to hack it noisebridge

Welcome to 2010, when America's policy makers call for the assassination of its allies' civilians. Makes Nixon look sane.

Subluxation is also a medical term; was he using it specifically in the chiropractic sense?

The US had *no* IRB-approved human psychedelics studies between the 70s and Strassman's DMT trials. There's a 20year gap.

Mug one of Hayden's staff!

Hey, congrats on the funding!

Bush's Goebbels back-peddles on op-ed: http://voices.washingtonpost.com/postpartisan/2010/08/no_im_not_suggesting_drone_str.html

As much as I'd like to believe S.A. You when he says "it's a new Bureau" post-9/11, I'm skeptical — though hopeful.

That'd be (www.thesmartpolitenerd.com, maradydd.livejournal.com)

Yep; had to speak at the Open Science Summit yesterday. Was in SFBA for a little over 24h.

Y'all want to get breakfast tomorrow morn? When do you leave?

If is Doing Things Right[tm], killing Julian would be a psychological setback, but not an operational one.

Joule (http://joule.marnanel.org/) can answer that question if it's tracking you.

Wrong in more ways than one.

To all the friends I met up with in Vegas, and all the awesome people I met for the first time — please email me if I forget!

Who else bets the 12 ISPs allegedly sharing data with Project Vigilant are violating the ECPA? EULAs don't trump federal law.

Does anyone have polling data on various publics' opinion of From what I'm seeing, overwhelmingly positive, but that's skewed.

Not to mention the fact that modern psych owes its foundations to Shulgin's researching into the catecholamine receptors.

When? I've not had a chance to see it yet, and and I both want to. Still in Vegas?

Some days I feel like I'm living in a Leonard Cohen song. Other days, a Justin Sullivan song. Lately it's been both.

Do they need reinforcements?

Probably won't be awake that early (plus I'm not at the Riv). Sad I missed you! Give my best to everyone still there.

Hanging out with some folks from Parma — listen to their town anthem: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3oTCatzz7A

It might be beside your point, but not the one I was making in my talk.

Maybe prototypes, but afaik the badges were shipped directly from .cn to Las Vegas.

Ah. Yeah, I was playing devil's advocate, since I was out front when he made that comment.

D'oh, just saw this now. Anyone still chilling at the Riv?

Hmm. They gave your laptop back and said you were under surveillance; hardware bug or software?

Now this, I definitely agree is an example of "humor cutting deep in its own way": http://bit.ly/9d60V3

"Lamo acknowledged that he had no direct evidence that Private Manning had help. " Then why is he spouting off? Wanker

IMO, the best contributions to science have been done by those who find their lives enriched by pursuit of knowledge.

A bit more down to earth; we're missing out on understanding the role of an endogenous neurotransmitter in consciousness

Sorry; that was the best I could do on 3 hours of sleep. 3 conferences in 2 states in 1 weekend = fail.

<Mr. Burns> Eeeegcellent.

I have a question: Do you mind enabling tracking for my Twitter account? I was past the 100 followers threshold...

Not sure if you sent that reply before/after my talk, but I'd be happy to discuss why we can't afford to ignore history tmrw

Sadly, I didn't see your tweet until just now... happy to talk with you over voice/email, though!

Halfway to Vegas!

Dear little people inside my computer: if I want to carry you in my pocket, what Android 2.1 phone do you recommend? Or, other suggestions?

... decision for the whistleblower to make. US soldiers swear an oath 1st and foremost to uphold the US Constitution.

So, if I find myself in the same room as Gen. Hayden, should I ask him why he hates the Bill of Rights, or just piss on his shoes? plzadvise

(250 of the 650 Ninja Networks party badges supposedly were given to Hayden's staff. This should make spot-the-fed a lot easier, at least.)

This is fucked up. http://bit.ly/bFOVs3 (If someone *else* exposes your breasts to Girls Gone Wild, your consent is not needed for footage.)

I envy no man who must choose between serving his country, serving his superiors, or serving his conscience.

Is it me, or are our official .mil PR interviewees using the terms "the good guys" and "the bad guys" more frequently these days?

The next panel includes a Berkeley prof, an FBI agent, Foresight Institute's president, a biotechnologist, and yours truly.

Cypherpunk, not "cyberpunk". You might look into the history of the crypto wars; I think you'd learn something.

Heh, I think this is the first time I've seen trending on Twitter. I'm cynical enough to be surprised!

Second day at blackhat. Good talks so far, though the hallway track is, as usual, the happening place.

Props to anyone who infects Siprnet via the con badges. Game on.

At the Open Science Summit in Berkeley; 's panel is starting now. Glad to catch up with Scannell, plus the DIYBIO crew!

After last year's shitty Microsoft party, I'm punting on this one. They seriously expected me to ditch my gf for their over-crowded bar...

Yes indeed! A good portion of my twitter feed is made up of former cypherpunks. (Or, once a cypherpunk, always..?)

We're in agreement that those people deserve our tribute; I'm just not sure the jokes conveyed a sense of tribute.

We should hold our meetings in a basement pub, with no wifi or gsm (but plenty of beer.)

Congrats!

Sorry, the teleprompter was down. </snark>

Bah. Twitter addiction is a myth. Seriously, I can quit any time...

I'm heading to the Red Lambda party; anyone who wants an invite (and I know personally) text for details.

All congrats due — well done, and nice timing. I hope you continue to publish regionally-interesting leaks too — both need eyes.

Are you sure? You *are* talking about a nation that elected a drunken cokehead fratboy with an IQ of a monkey. twice.

Tired of what kind of crap? The US gov acting like the victim when it's caught having committed reprehensible acts?

Eep. Are you in Vegas already?

Damn, you get to go to the *fun* conferences. See you tomorrow?

Is that supposed to be mocking the US military because of the info Wikileaks published? It was likely an incredibly hard ...

Has anyone ported Powershell to Unix yet?

Some days I miss cypherpunks@toad.com. Today is one of those days. Where do all the crypto hackers chat these days? Or don't we?

Is it crass of me to say that I always thought the "Twin Towers" were ugly, and the Manhattan skyline better off before they were built?

Brilliant: http://www.27bslash6.com/blockbuster.html (People who know me will find the above familiar.)

Is the Church of Scientology "stupid"? Well, I don't know about UK, but on the Cont., it's a cult. http://bit.ly/cTbMBA

If I were to start a commentary/watchdog blog on a specific industry, what blog hosting service are the cool kids using these days?

has released ... an extraordinary compendium of over 91,000 reports covering the war in Afgh. from 2004-10. http://bit.ly/aYByiM

I can't help but think "the author of this article is really schizophrenic in his writing" when I read Wikipedia before realizing why.

This is depressing: http://bit.ly/ay0c9e Teaching chemistry w/o "a lot of strange chemicals in bottles that have big long names.”

I have found a role model, if I ever become a father: http://www.27bslash6.com/flash.html (Thanks, !)

hasn't published anything new for almost six months. This is worrisome.

It's good to finally see some sensible comments on this "Ground Zero Mosque" issue. See Reason: http://ow.ly/2f1l2

I love how 4chan people think they invented trolling.

Why has this not gone viral yet? Nancy Reagan look-alike, manicuring wildlife. http://bit.ly/awHgWl

Why is everyone ignoring Mel Gibson's abusive tirades against the Old Spice Man? http://bit.ly/aySQ5m

I am digging the new Google Images search results. It's about time that part of Google got the Web 2.0 treatment.

Wanna bet?

What's your favorite Dutch-language book(s)? I figure if I try to read fiction, it might help improve my Flemish. Starting w/ Het Achterhuis

Why, thank you!

Whoa, Winona Ryder and Gary Oldman did a blood-sports kink video? Oh, no wait, that's Coppola's Dracula.

That's beautiful.

That's sadly ironic.

is off to Zürich for two days; I wonder what trouble I can get myself into...

I'm jealous!

— if you keep on the Internet anonymity stories, I'd be happy to talk to you about the topic. (I've spent over 10 years on it.)

I want to start a "Watching the Fourth Estate" blog. Between the liberal new media cabal vs. print columnists, FBI patsies...

That's probably because using the female condom feels like having intercourse with a garbage bag btwn you and your partner.

I don't know if he's being overly self-pitying or not, but he needs to learn the difference btwn antisemitism and antizionism.

&c., I figure it will be entertaining. There's bound to be sex scandals in there too — how many hacks are sleeping with sources?

Back in 2004, I got to see the first successful launch of SpaceShipOne past the space barrier in Mojave. Maybe someday I'll take a VG flight

T/F: Twitter originally did not have hash tags, syntactic meaning to "@rabbi@identi.ca" or "RT", these were all user-originated?

I want to set up an open experiment idea exchange, basically "things I want to see done (and may mentor you while you do it.)" SoC for all.

Peter Eckersley is presenting his web fingerprinting work at a COSIC seminar -- over 80% of the browsers had unique fingerprints!

Peter's abstract: http://bit.ly/aeLAzj Peter's paper: http://bit.ly/dBgVda The scary thing is this is a study of privacy-conscious users.

What's the normal attendance size of BlueHat? (Anyone?)

Huh, this is interesting. http://bit.ly/8YOJX2 BitTorrent is finding a niche providing rapid updates to server farms. That RFC is overdue.

Who besides Lamo has said you've ever sniffed Tor?

(No official Shmoo confirmation yet, but I'll post when there is.)

(NoScript and TorButton are, according to Peter, the notable exceptions.)

There is no Taco Bell in Belgium. Sometimes, I find this highly annoying.

Are you the Damen Knight I think you are? If so, thanks for that intro. ;)

"Do you still dis Rodney Joffee" — wow, did that ever bring back memories of my past life.

Haiti is still a pile of rubble, but CNN is running Lindsay Lohan's nails as front page news.

IMO, this isn't a privacy win. It's a technicality — and one that might have implications on privacy laws for service providers.

Polanski's extradition order has been denied, and no appeal is possible. He's already out of Switzerland by now, I'm guessing.

Life lesson I wish I hadn't had to learn: "Know your country's extradition treaties, and their terms."

Did that qualify as a success, or a failure?

Huh. Neither nor I have been invited to Science Foo Camp. I'm starting to think I pissed off, somehow.

I don't know. If someone doesn't do them soon, it might become a bio experiment. ;)

At least you don't have to write code for the damn things tht relies on reading those unidirectional bits!

liveblogging his battle with iTunes and the iPod protocols is entertaining me. Sigh. We've all been there, Halvar.

and I had a hell of a time getting the new speaker CFP system to work. I'm pretty unimpressed with it.

After his talk, I shall! (Right now he's telling us most people's webbrowsers can be fingerprinted uniquely based on plugins/fonts)

and, of course, GPS is a lot different than best-guess IP geolocation

YUM! Made from the slime of the Deep Ones!

isn't reporting on 's personal life this week?

(You didn't turn that on, did you? :P Twitter operates just fine without it; 4sq wouldn't work if you didn't say where you were.

"Tw's IP based from my PC would tell where I LIVE." Really? Because when I tried it, it came up with Brussels or something crazy.

— yeah, there's a rumor that wikileaks got started due to data gathered using a faithless endpoint attack. Never substantiated.

Are you going to the Open Science Summit or the Singularity Summit? I hope someone from boingboing covers both of these confs...

I'd think is opening himself up to a libel suit, though after seeing Julian hate on a libel lawyer at EU parliament I doubt he w

It's finally raining!

Nearly all security compromises target a vulnerability in a way the designers "didn't know how" to do themselves, thus insecurity.

"nonrealname profile reporting" is quite often trivial to link to a real name, based on dataset intersection. Have a look at k-anonymity

Yeah. I just don't see what is so compelling about FourSquare, esp. given their data breaches… but what do you get from it?

Heh. Those are famous last words in my line of work.

(Have there been Foursquare-attributed home break-ins yet? I know Google StreetView claimed its first victims not too long ago…

(The shortcut is also reasonable guesswork in critical path/control theory/set theory/machine learning; I have tools designed (…)

At least Twitter isn't constantly spewing out your location, time you were there.. 4sq seems like self-imposed probation monitoring

Regardless, that doesn't change the fact that you have my sympathies. *hugs*

Do you ever do book readings in Toronto? I may be in town around Halloween and I've always wanted to hear you at a reading.

(And for what it's worth, I was like this long before it became my career. I think I made it my career to keep from going to jail.

Thanks for the link. A nice conversation over a cup of tea beats a public reading, but I thought that might be too forward.

Oh, jealous of the Arctic trip! I see you're in the USA through Oct 29th; any chance of catching you in T.O. Nov?

… for the purpose of linking two disjoint identities under one owner by means of a variety of analytical techniques. Chat over IM?

ex-bf, and any other random person in your area watching the foursquare feed…

If he was my teacher, the thing I do to honor him is to teach others, especially people who wouldn't otherwise think of beehusbandry.

You have my sympathies.

Me too; well, longer than that now, really.

*hugs* I'm so sorry to hear that. There's so few of us, it's a loss to us all when we lose a fellow beekeeper. Were you v. close?

Man, you're so two days ago.

I hope you're staying hydrated.

I am jealous (and hungry)... but why in god's name are you using that hideous service/burgular assistance site?

Yankee Flaunts Health Code, Risks Arrest to Discover the "Secret" of the Nearly-Mythical In-N-Out Burger: It's Mustard: http://ow.ly/184iN6

(Some days, I can't believe what passes for news. I guess that's the problem with the 'net: cat-in-tree might be news to a small town...

What's the commercial, for us TV-impared?

but with the 'net, your small-town rag is going to be read by the world. So we get things like this):

Oh, that's a great idea. I hope the Black Hat crew does it as well; this is one of the few years I am speaking at BH but not DC.

(And ironically he failed to realize what makes In-N-Out so good: they use no microwaves and no freezers. All fresh ingredients.

I'm skeeved about the "going into the kitchen" part, but because of health-code issues. The "secret recipe" business is news hype

Is It A Good Idea To Microwave A Microwave: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GudhnqlPpok&feature=related (I love recursion...)

Best youtube series since "Will it Blend?" -- "Is It A Good Idea To", with such episodes as "Is It A Good Idea To Microwave Thermite"

I don't see you on IM. Let's chat about this...

I had one of those moments last year, around this time. The neighbors bass was vibrating the floor. Time was I'd have joined in!

(...) the article shows a stark naivete about print journalism, as if only the reporters of Journolist have personal opinions.

So I see no excuse for social networks failing to provide basic, consistent control over user-related data, user-supplied or not.

That doesn't seem to correlate with my experiences in the particular consensus-reality in which I dwell: meritocracies and academia.

...) over Internet media is their reputation of impartiality and veracity. Beat reporters should be "about the facts". But (...)

What's a "great deal"?

Aside from being in the kitchen, what did he do wrong? (You can watch burgers being made at most In-N-Outs from the counter...

This is the first article that takes any digs at you that I actually agree with, overall. The only advantage newspapers have (..

rocks. Working on a law journal article with her and a law student friend of mine right now.

II and III, and Pynchon NG in the same client (a local proxy) though the Pynchon NG lib is separate code.

I need a plugin for Safari, dammit. And Chrome. I never use Firefox.

Fucking melamine. We really need to get the melaminometer working.

And once I get developers willing to help.

Great! First thing we need is a C or Haskell based Mixmaster (as in 3.0), Mixminion, and Sphynx library. This will be core.

You guys rock. I'm so done with Clearwire's DNS servers, and I've fired my sysadmin (me). Now when are you going to support DNSSEC?

Is Mixminion really dead? I know Nick doesn't have much time to work on it, but it has a following, no?

At my favorite Brussels restaurant, I heard Kevin Quain songs being played. Turns out the musician was "Akim" from Toronto; a Cameron fly.

What do all the cool kids use these days for gmail/gpg plugins now that firegpg is dead? What's this rumor of native gmail support for opgp?

(Show me a politician on the non-municipal level who doesn't have staff to open mail from the public and answer the phone for him/her...)

Twitter is interesting. I know many politicians read their own Twitter streams; these days, tweeting gives a better chance of being heard.

I am on the advisory board of a science/future think-tank. Somehow Pam Gellar ended up on the board. Getting her removed = impos

I would so love to have her here at

The reason we iced Mixmaster was to let minion take over. I still want to do a 4.0 rewrite using mixminion/sphynx in postfix style

ach! Must order!

Let's seek additional revenues by legalizing one of California's main cash-crops: marijuana.

I hear that, my friend. I'm in the same state.

Now you understand why no one drinks water in .ch

If you need a hand, I'll give you my "non-evil company" consulting rates. :)

(Well, I'm mostly filling in the law student atm, but I have high hopes for the project…)

ping? Check your direct messages?

I will be circumspect in my answer: why exactly are you asking?

Once I'm sure I can switch topics, and after I've given my colleagues first dibs, the blog entries start going up!

Ian Goldberg has a PIR library called percy++ that we might look at basing Pynchon NG on. Pynchon 1.0 is broken, 2.0 has problems.

I wouldn't be surprised if corruption in the prison system (& prison workers union lobby) were fueling prohibition in CA.

My Latin comes in handy; translated, it would mean something like "to look around". Colloquially it means wary, cautious

Mixmaster is, and has been for some time, in maintenance mode. That means we will patch security issues, release updates for OSes

Despite that she has no exp. in existential threats (the group's mandate), those want her gone charged with suppression o'ideas

We must not let the California economy rely upon a min percentage of its citizens being criminals, to support an industry.

It is what prompted me to diversify my membership in such organizations. I support the goals of LF, but this has me disturbed.

Legalizing cannabis directly leads to prison reform by reducing non-violent inmates and lessening crime from the blackmarket

From its more precise meaning of "taking an entire situation into account". That might mean being cautious in what one reveals.

Yes, I want to release under BSD 3-clause.

Sorry to say, no CodeCon next year. http://rabbi.vox.com/library/post/codecon.html

I'd subscribe to for Are they considering picking it up?

We really need an open microblogging protocol, published as an RFC by the IETF, and fitted with language-theoretic security protection.

It isn't for lack of volunteers... I and others have offered their time for ops, etc., with no response. "Delegate".

How usable and stable is

Sigh. I've been waiting for a metaweb that overlaid the web, where people could leave comments to each other... I'm just sad Facebook did it

Well, it does seem to me like Julian could stand to lean on his network a bit more — the advisors, volunteers

Ugh. http://bit.ly/c7DLKH (From . Record unemployment — 1/5th of all Brussels is unemployed.)

If not, it should, and Twitter should support it.

I'd love to use the StatusNet desktop to watch my combined identi.ca and twitter feed. What's the barrier to making that happen?

Looking for a second sponsor for Society for Neuroscience membership. (http://www.sfn.org/). I have one out of two rec's from members. Help?

what sort of positions are you looking for?

Dating would-have-been writers seems to be a theme of mine.

Dear random friends I haven't found yet, but who are on twitter. Tweet me already!

too late.

Wow. Finding was a blast from the past.

Okay, I'd do Anna Chapman. Why is it I had to wind up with one of the old guys from that spy ring in *my* social network, and not her?

my hope was that we'd have a standard for metaweb communities based on openid-driven comments and not a walled-garden auth system.

Pope Pius XII is being criticized for not publicly speaking out against Hitler. I wonder what they will think of Benedict and Bush/Obama.

Why is Google not pushing for OpenID adoption? They're usually pretty good at adopting a standard rather than building it themselves ftfoi

*headdesk*

Does the StatusNet protocol allow for username differentiation based on registry — eg., .identica or .twitter?

When I re-read what never got around to pub'ing in her brief career as a fic. author, I kinda regret she didn't keep at it.

used to call me a sap all the time, and maybe I am, but days like this makes me feel all gooey inside.

For some reason, I never seem to get any takers.

No. Not at all. I thought there were three files; what was the third? Just a readme?

I need to get a new server to host randseed, but as soon as I do...

I always ask for minions who can code in C, or read hexdumps, or know ASM tricks, or are comfortable thinking probabilistically...

has acquired minions, though. When she says to me "I'll be out with the boys tonight" it means she's giving haskell class

The network model of TV production can go to hell. Not sure a fan petition will help this time... http://twitition.com/pbqrp

Manning facing 60 years in prison. So much for Lamo's moronic predictions of six months. http://bit.ly/d0Tvnr

I just found a list of my 25 favorite books, written over a decade ago. http://www.abditum.com/~rabbi/books.txt I'm getting old.

The Telegraph on the Congressional Budget Office "Long-Term Budget Outlook" — we're in for a "Greek-style" crisis: http://bit.ly/9QfaYV

Grumble. Let's see... Twin Peaks, Brimstone, Harsh Realms, Carnivale, Deadwood, and now Happy Town. This is why I generally don't watch TV.

One of the reasons we need a replacement for DNS. http://bit.ly/9bVVQJ

If anyone is interested and capable, or knows someone who is, please let me know!

For 's amusement: http://www.glasgowsmileclinic.com/ (thanks ).

Are you sure it's propaganda? and I had a bet going over whether it would take 5 years, or 10, to hit hyperinflat.

Sometimes I find it creepy that knows things about my wife that I didn't.

It's been a while...

(Fucking Cromwell.)

On the study of suicide by analysing suicide notes: http://www.nationalpost.com/story.html?id=3058913

I just taught my cat how to hunt and eat moths.

I still think it's going to happen based on how Zoellick is talking. The USD could be soon replaced by EUR or (#tinfoilhat) XDR.

I'd be very happy to be wrong…

I'd love to visit Toronto this October. Annoyingly is pretty lax about comms with its potential speakers, now my sched. has conflict

— Thanks for putting the last two unaired eps of the best show on TV online. It was the least you could do.

Currently integration between Twitter and Identi.ca is flawed, in that to users valid on the one will reference different people

The purpose of good sci-fi is to probe the nature of the human condition. Nothing reminds me of this more than Pohl's Gateway.

We could finally test the hypothesis that everyone of European descent is related to Charlemagne.

Awesome. I'm going to point that at the next person who complains that I leave multi-paragraph commit messages.

E.g., 6x for my mother's father (across 5 generations!), 2x in my maternal grandmother, and who knows about my Irish father.

Or should I say, the point of no return for subsequent, inevitable hyperinflation.) Blaming it on Obama is BS, though, sure.

I think we've just hit an ecological disaster singularity. The milkshake's not going to stop spilling 'til it's empty, folks.

I wonder if any of my emails are going to turn up in this Russian spy ring case. I was on the same NGO advisory board as one of them.

Hmm. How agreeable to adopting a µblogging protocol that used some sort of domain distinguisher -- perhaps in the style of XMPP -- would Twi

The Mixmaster project needs a Russian translator, to do localization work on the ncurses and unix app and Windows port. Docs+man pages also.

They do have a point about the use of the term "right-wingers" — Libertarians are your allies.

Rave?

DAMMIT. We've heard about this as a very real possibility — it's the main reason bombs were ruled out. Didn't know it had happened

China bought time at this G-8 with their policy change, but they have a strong motivation to avoid sudden USD hyperinflation.

Hey, now that the root is signed, are y'all supporting DNS? I just had an outage (Clearwire) and am trying out

Maybe *you* can convince to finish her DIYBIO book.

Are you talking about multi-coloured vertical bars, or black and white snow?

It's public knowledge that we can keep a secret. ;)

Considering signing up for their service, myself.

I consider twitter training for breaking my habit of leaving non-vacuous comments.

showed me that earlier today; honestly I'm surprised RICO didn't come up in the Enron case.

ditto, plus the Magna Carta. I should probably add Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union to that too, now.

(It's come up wrt the RIAA as well, though I think there's a stronger case for RICO charges against BP/Halliburton/etc.)

I might live in Belgium, but I'm a California voter, and I support the Marijuana Control, Regulation, and Education Act.

(At least geek fame is pretty tame, even for people like (the best man at my wedding). We don't have paparazzi or stalkers.)

That's a relief. Though the consensus of one of the thinktanks I'm involved with is that it's likely this will happen, soon.

There's been serious talk about moving to SDRs as the reserve currency. I think the USA would have to repudiate its debt itc.

(The problem, if I'm following correctly, has to do with the pressure imbalance due to the ratio of methane in that oil field)

You should scrape Wikipedia for the category tags, key off the page name, and see what interesting correlations OBELisQ shows.

Yes.

I hope my email doesn't turn up in that case. I was on an advisory board with one of the spies.

Sure; but most people who can trace their lineage back to Charlemagne can do so by multiple paths.

Congrats! http://bit.ly/91Ld4v

We want to KEEP Happy Town on TV (ABC) http://twitition.com/pbqrp

What? WHAT? That's it? That's how it ends?

Why do so many American TV networks insist on their own, broken-ass You Tube clones? If you can't get buffering right, leave it to the pros.

Well, anecdotal studies have their uses.

It's kinda hard for me to believe that I had really drunk that kool-aid once...

I just discovered you were on here. Well, hello!

That rocks! You'll have to point us at them when we can see them. :)

Honestly, if the goal is to "feminize" the fetus, then the women will likely turn out *more* bitchy. Tomboys ftw.

Wow. and his crew are really besmirching the Wired name.

Re: Finland and broadband, link? (yours is broken.)

Wow. Shakespeare in the Park, The Merchant of Venice, with Al Pacino as Shylock. I need to go visit NYC before Aug 1.

— at least Hulu posted the last two eps in the right order. "From the Network that Cancelled Twin Peaks!"

fucking finally. ;)

I have no idea why anyone who has any technical savvy at all uses Foursquare. Really, it just baffles me.

Man, TIME magazine's bloggers are not impressing me. How can one *not* draw comparisons between the USA and Nazi Germany with respect to war

I wonder if a letter-writing campaign would do any good for How does a show build a following if you yank it 6 eps in? Morons.

Word.

I <3 Toronto.

… waiting for someone to get shot in the eye by the Toronto paramilitary troops. PSA of the day: rubber bullets can kill.

QOTD: : "I can't tell if that's a vuvuzela or a dying elephant."

"I knew when I met her she was a C++0x meta-template programmer. It didn't matter. By then, I was already under her spell."

Holy shit, is the best new series since Breaking Bad. And I find out about it after it's cancelled after only 8 episodes. WTF?

No idea, but not that.

Unless you belong to the Church of One Track, like the CodeCon organizers. We prevent hair-loss!

*groan* At least you didn't mention Nicolas Cage.

You're welcome in Belgium!

-- still no new episodes! Wyah!

I'm bringing a machete, myself.

Depends on what con, and what kind of seat-filling you want. I'd guess CodeCon was 99% tard-free, but, different crowd.

It's similar to the ECPA's distinctions on storage vs. transit... I'm just wondering if the product is what matters, or the corp.

Hal is a hero of mine, too — one of the only cypherpunk heroes of mine who didn't fall off his pedestal after I worked with him.

I sure hope you discussed relaxation of existing drug prohibitions as a possible strategy in your drug trafficking talks...

I'm becoming a Haskell fan. It turns out that it most closely matches how I *think* about a program before writing it.

Ontario politican Kate Holloway (http://bit.ly/a06ylE)'s son missing in TO detention center system. Guardian photoj found. covering

Never change.

Apparently $1B doesn't buy you the ability to accurately track your prisoners. Someone is getting fired over this, I hope.

Aren't they? I really should get back into blogging; haven't since vox.com shut down.

Now we get to see the classic "tables turned" story of the playboy-whose-heart-is-broken and woman-who-gave-up-riches for love.

so they settled for "leaving less than a week before the wedding, coincidentally on the date of her first "single" release.)

(Though literally leaving him at the altar would have made things difficult for the special "runaway bride" issue of Playboy,

Well, yes — that particular fantasy does have to end. The drama, though, doesn't, hence the "leaving at the altar".

I'd love to know if any of those product namedroppings were paid...

it was months ago; I learned of PvZ after Hef tweeted about Crystal playing it in bed on the iPhone.

think a general discussion of the issues would make for a nice introduction to the work in /@maradydd/my FC paper.

I'll be happy to send you one if I get a chance to do it; need to finish expanding on my most recent work first, but I do

Obviously those are mostly "trolling for victims" attacks rather than targeted attacks against a specific victim.

I can think of many scenarios where it would be in Eve's interest to let X% of the users go rather than risk discovery.

Passive vs. active attacks are a big transition for attacks, fwiw. Passive attacks can be done completely undetected.

(except maybe to warn them that it's "insecurely encrypted" vs. ... whatever. There's HCI work to be done here.)

Final thought, re your "false sense of security" objection: there's no reason to tell the user the link is OE encrypted

Downgrade attacks are particularly successful against EV-certs because people are conditioned not to care about the green bar.

Yep; it's called a downgrade attack — major gotcha with protocol negotiation (not just on/off, but version N vs. N.1, etc.)

To shoot for? No, of course not. But when your auth system fails — and it will — do you fail against all adversaries, or some?

that sounds like there's a story there.

The threat models that authors of consumer client software must consider are broader and more diverse than those with an IT security focus.

My debate with about the merits of opportunistic encryption have me considering writing up my argument (again) in my thesis.

Elderly Depends-wearing woman unnecessarily humiliated by TSA thugs | (Proud day for ) | http://bit.ly/jTKVJ8 #securitytheater

... and likewise, but really next time let's do this kind of thing off-Twitter? The 140 limit is really annoying.

Anything we do *now* needs to take existing user habituation into account, which restricts our options somewhat.

Thus plaintext never happens, ruling out passive attacks, and users are trained to pay attention to auth. But I lack a TARDIS.

We should have made all browser traffic encrypted by default, always, and had the "secure" icon be something like EV's bar.

but if you're designing software that will be used by millions of naive users, you want broad coverage over threat models.

If you're expecting targeted attacks by a determined adversary, then no, of course it's not acceptable to not authenticate.

in the real world, there are many Eves, and their abilities and willingness to act on them differ greatly.

You're thinking Eve can (and will) always have all attacker capabilities, and this is poor threat modeling.

But, further, self-signed certs that you automatically trust and get no warnings about can be abstracted.

matter; if the email client will send in the clear if the server says "I don't support STARTTLS", then MITM attacks are open.

This is difficult, because you're conflating protocol flow with design specifics; whether STARTTLS uses certs or not doesn't

OTR nicely decouples authentication from encryption, and I'm pretty sure there's IPSEC OE modes.

Most modern MTAs support this thing called STARTTLS; the third incarnation of PGP based their flagship product on OE.

Take the scenario where adversary is passively monitoring as Alice connects to Amazon; if there's OE in use, Eve gets nothing.

FWIW, there are many successful opportunistic crypt systems in use; maybe if you drew the attack trees it would help?

if I connect to amazon.com, and no one is MITM'ing me, it's still Amazon whether I authenticate it or not.

No, that would be "I'm connected to the right node." There's got to be a term for the fallacy you're making here...

But, as I said, I've made this argument before; I am a strong proponent of opportunistic encryption.

That's *a* point, yes. It's also a point to be talking over your open AP and not broadcasting cleartext passwords.

What makes you think I don't have the right node?

Heh. Well, the MS IE team circa 2001 would agree with you vehemently!

... *however*, I am no longer pushing this issue, because I'm convinced that X.509 simply must go. It's not appropriate.

honestly, that's the CA industry conditioning leading you to think that. Complete newspeak.

I get that you think the availability of an encrypted but not authenticated channel leads to a false sense of security, but

What you have right now is a false sense of security; I am arguing for a better way.

Strong authentication is a separate atomic operation and must be presented as such in the UI or you break threat modeling.

That lock should *never* mean "we believe you're talking to the right person." It should *only* mean "channel is encrypted")

Further, by training them that "lock" = "encrypted" = "authenticated", we hamstring ourselves when it comes to things like EV.

By mandating users are either secure against MITM or vulnerable to passive eavesdroppers, we put users at greater risk.

bear in mind that was, what, my second public talk; it's probably awful. But the slides are around somewhere, and lay it out.

The scary browser warning is irrelevant, since we've trained our users to ignore them. See "click fatigue."

Maybe you should watch my talk from Defcon 9? Really not interested in retreading this on Twitter.

The mistake here is in assuming users will know or care what X.509 or CAs or any of that *is*. cc/

No, not "as opposed". Users think their logins, etc., are safe from eavesdroppers.

No; I don't see why you couldn't replicate the ssh model exactly, if you wanted to, except for the underling problem of UI.

The "practical diff" here is that, for want of a certless encrypted channel, 100s of sites send user credentials in the clear.

Unless you're receiving/verifying them out of band, self-signed certs are subject to MITM attacks.

(I take it you don't like ssh's way of handling things, then?)

(that's the mistake that the CAs sort of tried to fix with EV certs years later, but that's another rant.)

Encryption and authentication are two separate things, and it is a mistake for the browser to lump them in together.

But that's the point. The encryption is *not* poor, and most adversaries can't MITM you.

Harmful how? You'd rather communicate in the clear?

The browsers don't include CACert's root today, either.

(For KnownSafe, we began the process of purchasing a root that was already in the browsers; several of our competitors did.)

And no, the browsers did not; why would they? Especially back then, when it was much harder to get a root.

I consider FreeCert a success; look at CACert.org today. The question is, "is it solving the right problem", though.

I should not need to install a bogus root cert or self-signed cert just to get an encrypted-but-MITM-vulnerable socket.

I'm not understanding that question; rephrase?

in my Defcon 9 talk about FreeCert I complained about the inability to do unauthenticated TLS. Le sigh.

Of course, it had to be a non-profit model to last, as CACert has demonstrated. But does it serve a purpose, though?

community-attestation-based CAs; I'm pretty sure Mark Shuttleworth was first to put idea into practice, then us, then CACert.

Adam McKenna and I started FreeCert after Thwate's acquisition was announced, to fill the impending void in distributed

(I say "thankfully" now, because I think the whole model is BS, and issuing certs at Mailboxes Etc especially so.) cc/

Second was KnownSafe, co-founded with Rodney Thayer and Bruce Perens; thankfully went bust before we had users. cc/

First was FreeCert, which did pretty much what CACert.org does; Duane actually took over freecert.org, I believe. cc/

Hell, I started not one but two CAs in the 1990s. I've learned a lot since then: "don't do that", for one!

Any CA being able to sign for any other CA's users is a ridiculous state of affairs. X.509 is for top-down orgs.

Further, the entire trust model for X.509 is wrong for the Internet, because X.509 was not designed for the 'net.

proposes, but of course, it's not widely supported.

It's not inherently a scaling problem, it's a semantics problem. There was later an extension to do exactly what

No, it's a good question, and the answer is "the system wasn't designed for it."

Pipl is indexing PGP keys now. That's amusing.

Now, to figure out how to do the same thing on Android...

Does anyone have a list of "the certs to disable on OS X" or "the minimum set of root certs for 99.9% of the net to work"?

All it said was "system defaults"; not sure whether that covers code-signing. (I think not?)

Yeah, the procedure you're using is intuitively what I tried. See my retweet of 's instructions for proper method.

Nope; after every trust change (after closing the info window) you do have to authenticate. Very annoying.

Well, any software update, sure. cc/

"DoD Root CA 2". Seriously, Apple? I remember a time when that would be called a "backdoor".

Turns out it *is* possible, but only if you ask for pointers from on Twitter. Seriously, Apple's KB was no help, nor Google.

These were entirely unconnected, or else it would be an Apple UI designer with the busted lip.

Jesus. I was trying right-clicking on the cert, hunting through menus, etc. Didn't see the uncollapsable "Trust" option.

Sorry. Next time I do something gruesome to myself, I'll be sure to post pictures of it to the Internets.

(I have trained as a first responder, though, and *do* know what I'm doing when it comes to minor wounds, for context.)

Reasonable is, well, relative. For non-life-threatening urgent care without an appointment, not so much.

On a Saturday? LOL.

If that's possible via UI, mind sending me a pointer on how? (Looking at keytool now — thanks.)

I considered Steri-strips, which are like butterfly bandages but, well, better; wouldn't have worked due to the location though.

Yeah, that's what I've been looking at for the last 30 minutes. How does one remove a system root cert with it?

Are you thinking of Dermabond? (aka 2-Octyl cyanoacrylate). cc/

What? Superglue is superior to stitches in those respects.

since I assume it all gets overwritten with an update anyway. I had hoped to set individual, persistent "do not trust" flags.

(I mean, sure, presumably I can dump the certificate store and prune it down with OpenSSL then restore it, but that's non-ideal —

That's ridiculous! I want (have) to leave Verisign etc., but wish to remove Belgium, China, etc. You're saying this can't be done?

Okay, the decision to eat chili con carne with a busted lip was, upon deeper contemplation, a foolish impulse.

Is it not possible to remove any of the 167 root certificates Apple ships with using OS X's GUI tools? #disbelievethetcb

Oh, so that's what I've been doing wrong.

but in this case, yes, it was far better than trying to suture it myself, and seems to be fine.

Well, you can be more precise with sutures, and depending on where the wound is, sometimes superglue won't cut it.

» Major Update on the 10,000 Year Clock Project | The Long Now Blog http://bit.ly/iTeJ8z

Dilemma: get stitches for my split lip? Suture it myself? Superglue it and hope for the best? I know, I know... but I just *hate* hospitals.

I dispense with the idea of ever being "caught up" on Twitter, and treat it like an ephemeral conversation with history.

How long are you in Brussels? Want to meet up this weekend?

If you learn of a provider in France with a comparable offering to , I'd love to know about it.

FWIW, blau.de is the closest Germany has to — and they're sold in stores like Saturn.

I highly recommend in general; since you'll be back, might be worth having a SIM on hand.

Hey, I've never stopped following *you*! :)

Thanks to for the suggestion; I'm now 100+ away from my follow limit.

I've always thought the target audience for business cards was "people you want to be able to contact you." cc/

I have, actually, and they're fine as long as there's no fancy embossing and you supply the art. cc/

Ooh, Rome. What are you doing there?

That's an interesting statement.

Well, when i first signed up I added a ton of organization/institution/media accounts I don't mind losing, so this round is easy.

methinks people in that position should go to Kinkos and have alternate business cards printed up, as not to look like bozos.

"users not in a list" would be excellent. Every time I start a list, I end up deleting it bc I forget who I need to add still.

I have been cleaning it, but by hand. Twitcleaner, you say?

Yeah; I wish Twitter made it easier for me to look through my full list I'm following; it's time to unfollow a bunch of accounts.

Dear new followers: I'd like to follow you back, but 's stupid follow cap has thwarted me. Sorry.

LOLwut? "[Bin Laden] rejects [indiscriminate slaughter] and it is not something that reflects what al Qaeda does." http://bit.ly/m5EYaZ

No, cat, I really don't think you want to eat a cashew. I know I was wrong when I said that about wasabi peanuts, but still. No, stop! Oops.

I have no idea how I hadn't paid attention to Murφ before now. Oh, do I ever have ideas. | http://bit.ly/kwl8sB

Conferences, Courses, and Workshops in Formal Verification | http://bit.ly/iI3mnw

2011 Conferences and Workshops: Formal Verification, Software Verification, and Software Analysis | http://bit.ly/lQMedo

Wow, that valuation seems somewhat insane.

Have you looked at WhisperCore? http://bit.ly/mJsaJz

Yeah, apparently I had it wrong; she wrote the seminal differential privacy paper. cc/

There's this: http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/projects/DatabasePrivacy/… (thanks, !)

I quit angry birds the same time I quit smoking. It was only slightly easier.

To my knowledge, Pierce is the first to give a good formalization. In the past, the good work was in breaking so-called anon data.

yep; previously the term was "data anonymization." There's a lot of work in the area going back 10 years, but hard to search for!

though, I think the scope needs to expand to encompass corpus anonymity or risk irrelevance, since the distinction is arbitrary.

Agreed, which is why I never checked in my k-anonymity bibliography (and seem to have lost it, unfortunately). At this point,

I'm not in charge, no, though I agree with you that it's an omission. Ping me on jabber?

Netflix Challenge deanonymization work, which really should be in there. I haven't had as much time as I'd like to keep it updated

I'll mention something about it; "differential privacy" is Pierce's term, and fairly new, but we're missing such papers as the

... I take it you're a big fan of perpetual cloud cover and unpredictable rainstorms?

happy to help! BTW, Pierce is apparently looking for a postdoc to work on differential privacy: http://j.mp/iokVsh

Here you go: http://j.mp/jOZ92b and http://j.mp/mEJeZi are a start, and their bibs are useful.

No. Noon. That's what noon in Belgium looks like.

Arenberg castle. http://twitpic.com/5g1fmw

might not have been pushed live yet. I'll send you the link in a few.

oy. You and I should have a talk offline, I think.

sure, once I am at a real computer. :-)

has your opinion of bitcoin's anonymity (or rather, lack off) finally changed?

out of context, that is priceless.

unrelated, I just added two new papers to anonbib you might find interesting; Pierce et al. on differential privacy.

*shakes fist*

Ugh, I feel like I've been run over by a truck.

(That's the problem with the piece; not the chicken, but the "see? should have let me buy towels!" bit.) cc/

Would it be nearly as amusing to you, though, if you couldn't plant it outside your sigoth's office window? cc/

Yeah, as said, https://twitter.com/#!/palecur/status/83269658324647936… https://twitter.com/#!/palecur/status/83269964550778880…

well. Aside from the "A", perhaps. Though their ability to leverage the courts is a significant advance over other adversaries.

since the joke is, it's an effectively meaningless term. But if anything fits the definition, it's incompetent law enforcement.

(A few months back, when APT was being bandied about as great new buzzword, the Twitters were having a ball with alt meanings.)

(Unless you're setting me up for a "what does APT *really* stand for?" joke, in which case, your deadpan was too much for me.)

Ridiculous buzzword made up to sell security consulting services and excuse incompetence: "Advanced Persistant Threat".

FBI seizures the new APT? Discuss. http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/readwriteweb/~3/zcSg8jH9BJg/instapaper_server_including_data_and_codebase_seiz.php…

I once included the LOLrus in a Blackhat talk. Sadly, most of the audience was confused.

Seriously, that's fucking awesome, and it baffles me that this isn't a default OS ability.

You're aware that certain European states (inc. Switzerland) have done actual studies on what legal limits should be for THC, right?

To be truly Belgian it would have had mayo on it instead of ketchup, but I was feeling homesick.

yep, that's how you get youtube, amazon, twitpic, etc. Twitter doesn't have to do anything.

we should probably take this offline though. :-)

reading the books from the 50 years post hangings, and the newspapers at the time, is educational not by fact but example.

I have to recommend the book by my cousin, Patrick Campbell, too; short, readable, and interesting perspective. But, diff books.

material, Kenny's book is probably the most unbiased, despite being accused of being revisionist. It is dry, though.

That's a hard question. Try to answer it, and you'll end up with a 40 book library on the topic. But... excluding source

Belgian snack. http://twitpic.com/5f81p9

It's strange reading Bimba, Lewis, Campbell, and Kenny and accepting that these are all non-fiction accounts of the same events.

I do owe a debt to that movie, though; prior to its filming my family didn't speak of the issue at all.

That film is a pretty biased piece of fiction, too; it's based entirely on Lewis's book "Lament for the Molly Maguires".

My alarm clock is a Rube Goldberg device. The noise doesn't wake me, but it drives my cat mad until he stands on my head, which does.

it's worse than that! The chicken in his office window? I don't know how these people stayed married for 15 years.

God that's brilliant.

There is a big difference between the three; I still use mailman if given the choice.

Dropbox Security Bug Made Passwords Optional For Four Hours | (This, more than anything, is why encryption matters.) | http://j.mp/iPKj6X

If not me, who? cc/

If this requires PGP, it's *really* going to have to wait.

Having to remember LISTSERV template commands is rough. I last used it half a lifetime ago. For a month, until I switched to Majordomo.

La la la. Not getting roped into this conversation on Twitter. Or in public.

Hmm. Maybe I should try his approach. (Seriously, though, you're making me miss Berlin.)

Whether we have that power or not, we must still do so. Unless we mustn't. Never, though, is it a question of can. cc/

Stop looking at the fnords.

I guess how you feel about the sensibility of this action correlates strongly with your opinion on homeopathy: http://bit.ly/mqSnEc

Best line: MacMaster posted as "Amina" on the website ... operated by ... a straight man pretending to be a lesbian woman.

... which is ridiculous, given that Doyle got the story exclusively from Pinkerton himself. #bias

For those of you interested, Kevin Kenny's "Making Sense of the Molly Maguires" is probably the best book on the topic. | http://j.mp/kyTUOL

You say that like class action suits and unionization were options at that point in our history. They came later.

Point.

One of my prized possessions is a book of miners ballads, such as this song about the men hanged 21 June 1877. | http://j.mp/iLdGPh

Alexander Campbell went to the gallows proclaiming innocence. Superstition or not, the mark he made as testament remains today. j.mp/kIzDSo

grumble grumble get off my lawn grumble grumble stick-shake.

What people fail to realise is Tor's designed such that you're supposed to consider conspiracy as part of the threat model.

Oh yes it does. A huge part of that sucking has to do with ASN.1 alone.

(Not the first time a deadman's switch has been used, either. *Possibly* the first time a crypt-based deadman's switch.)

Who asked that? Far from the first time "cryptography used in the protection of journalism".

I'm disappointed in DDB. Was hopeful, after my conversation with him at 27c3, but six months on and... nothing.

I have an essay wanting to be written,but as I told earlier, it will have to wait until next year; my thesis demands it.

Not in the same way, though; but we're getting into "Twitter won't suffice" territory for this discussion.

Yes; the company was finally bought out by Securitas in 1999.

And just when they thought it couldn't get worse, they were drafted to fight Lincoln's war, too poor to pay the $200 exemption fee.

to spend their meager wages on over-priced goods at the "company store", never earning enough to leave the company housing.

No famine on this side of the pond, but rampant racism and anti-immigrant bias, the Irish miners lived in virtual slavery, forced

Immigrant-Welsh foremen, all for the same of enriching the pockets of their English-American industrialist bosses.

where they worked grueling hours in insanely dangerous conditions for laughable wages, wages they were cheated out of by their

Welsh; driven from their home, their land by famine, only to find exactly the same social oppression in their new home and new jobs

Years of oppression and desperation. These were men and women running from a systemic exploitation by the English, enforced by the

What *is* clear: the judicial proceedings in that corner of the coal regions in 1877 were thoroughly corrupted by politics and industry.

History will never be clear on the question of whether the Mollies were terrorists or freedom-fighters or simply men who demanded fairness.

His daughter, my great-great-grandmother, was only nine months old when he was hanged, entirely on the basis of a single Pinkerton's word.

Among my g-g-g-grandfather's sins? Teaching immigrant Irish to read ballots, so they could vote re the war they were being drafted to fight.

cautious when it comes to the money you choose to use. Casting doubt on its legality can't help matters, though.

would have been a much better thing to say — and ideally, before they started accepting it at all. Nothing wrong with being

"We recognise that tech experts are of mixed opinion re the security of btc, and prefer to wait until we are sure it holds value"

I think that's something to ponder about the Irish in general.

I wasn't happy with EFF's original acceptance of bitcoin, but I agree with you that their reasons for reversing course are "eh."

So, as you enjoy such things as organized labor and health & safety codes in USA, think of the men who died in the early days of that fight.

134 years ago today, my ancestor Alec Campbell was executed via judicial assassination along with nine other men. | http://j.mp/iwZxcv

Back to Brussels?

Daring Fireball Linked List: Man Robbed Bank for $1, Hoping to Be Sent to Prison, So as to Obtain Health Care http://j.mp/j2YMTE

lensassaman -at- gmail

Sure, though bear in mind I'm extremely busy (and stressed) until I'm finished my dissertation, so I might be slow in responding.

This is a topic I've spent a great deal of time on since 2006, and one I'd be happy to discuss, but without Twitter's constraints...

... and then eats the velociraptor for dinner?

This is a very old question. "Should Eve eat the apple?"

Oh, birthright or not, you're describing an eternal conflict. Only since the Enlightenment have we had the upper hand, and barely.

That's a brilliant idea.

In Texas, for instance, ethical chemists get permits to own erlenmeyer flasks; everyone else is a criminal. cc/

You realize that in certain states, possession of chem equipment is evidence of drug manufacturing, right? cc/

You have the choice to avoid using Internet banking entirely. What's the equivalent choice with bitcoin?

I'm keen to hear a summary of the suggestions you get.

While the inkjet spool attack is valid, the same level of insecurity exists across all consumer computing devices, no?cc/

The goal is to protect the data at rest. If the machine is compromised before you offload the coins, you're screwed. cc/

okay, but anyone participating in the bitcoin economy is affected by the exuberance mentions b/c of $17 exchange rates.

Ink-jet printer, QR-codes, and a smartphone? Or the good old gemplus cards? cc/

started up discussion yet, but I keep meaning to... DM me an email address and name (if you wish) and I'll add you?

BTW, it occurs to me that you might be interested in joining the formal language theoretic security mailing list; haven't really

How I managed to miss (most of) Kobayash's work before now, I don't know, but thanks for pointing me at it. cc/

Ah, then you'd be missing the people advising their mothers to put their life savings into Bitcoin while they still can get in on it.

Heh. You're not reading the same forums I am, then.

That said, when it comes to exchanges, they're a bit different than wallet.dat. We expect banks to be secure.

local storage on one's personal computer as long as our computing devices are exploitable by default.

I had an interesting discussion with Lucky and Zooko about this a few days ago; fundamentally, all e-cash is at odds with

The question is, though, just how much of Bitcoin's success is due to irrational exuberance? I think most of it.

Oh, no, no. Never the retsina. Evil retsina. But thank you for reminding me why my head feels this way at noon on a Monday.

You can make do it yourself humidors that would work fine for this purpose; I would hunt up a link if I weren't so drunk on retsina. :P

So, back in 1999, I knew a lawyer who discovered a box of pre-Castro R&J's. Good as new after a week in the humidor.

If they aren't damaged, see what a week in a good humidor will do!

As a cypherpunk entering middle age, I have one word in response to that: Bitcoin.

Retsina and wasabi peanuts is a kind of weird combination, but I think I like it.

False dawn comes too early and lasts too long this far north.

Woot! Paper submitted. Now, do I pop open the retsina, or do I keep polishing and try to get a better draft in while I still can?

Mmm, vitreous humor. Yum.

Searching on the company's principal's name returns some rather amusing material.

Interesting Gizmodo piece on the guy apparently behind the BitTorrent patent troll lawsuit: http://j.mp/ir4P44 cc/

I love #metalab. It's in many ways the template for most new hackerspaces; strongly inspired #noisebridge, for instance.

haven't had time, sorry.

Alas, no. I can *tune* one, but that's about it. cc/

It can't be as bad as Belgium, where it is currently raining heavily on my east-facing balcony but sunny out the west windows. *boggle*

DM me?

Women saxophonists are hot. Only way you could top that is to also play bass. cc/

God dammit, how the hell did I lose that filling *again*? Anyone have recommendations for a *competent* dentist in Leuven?

Heh, sorry — tweet came in at the same time as another response that incoherently took issue with my assertion. cc/

Yes, but what does that have to do with anything? cc/

I take it you're unfamiliar with the term "moral right?" (As opposed to "statutory right.") cc/

(And, yes, I see that now — thanks for clarifying!)

Contesting it is Kafkaesque; I have a friend whose legal name is spelled w/ a number as a character; process was a nightmare.

(There's plenty of grounds to criticize him without lending legitimacy to Facebook's anti-privacy practices.)

I assert the ability to use a pseudonym is a moral right. People should disregard that provision of the FB TOS.

One thing I don't think the press or public understand is there exists this hacker rockstar culture. cc/

Point. And, regardless of the actual circumstances, I'm surprised there haven't been more honeypot cases.

Cultural biases around sexual health are really fascinating. cc/

Neat. Secure key generation using PUFs as the unique seed source, sort of like biometric-based keying. #COSIC2011

Watching the talk on Optical Physical Unclonable Functions right now; entropy and lasers, two of my favorite things! #COSIC2011

... so you can get your own TLD?

Is there a transcript?

Really? Can you expand on your suspicions? The emergence of wallet.dat-stealing malware lends credence...

I don't think the #COSIC2011 talks are public, but his talk focused a lot on the work in most recent paper: http://j.mp/jLUliJ

... but people will keep telling revoked X.509 jokes anyway if they want. #protolol

Enjoyed Cédric Fournet's talk, "Verification for cryptographic protocol implementations" — using F# to do formal verification. #COSIC2011

This bus driver does not know how to gradually apply brakes. Twice, in under a km, people have been violently thrown from their seats.

Belgian beard protest faces razor blades | Reuters http://j.mp/iJLkAd (WTF? *I* haven't shaved yet. No commitment.)

Err, no. This was debunked days ago. And animated twitter icons are awful.

you realize the theft of 0.25% of a currency in one go is *massive*, right? cc/

I am now being spammed by people asserting " r terrorists n need to b stopped!" Um. lol? #plonk

Ugh, too exhausted to think. This week is catching up to me, I'm afraid.

I had wanted to go, but, conflict. D'oh.

Ugh, another stupid article claiming "anonymity is inherent in Bitcoin." Dear reporters: please stop sucking. | http://j.mp/iU2paU

Yup, exactly.

Belgian eID cards contain the user's national ID number (revealing birth date and gender) in the Subject serialNumber field. Eek.

The data stored on the Belgian eID cards is all encoded as PKCS#15 blobs. Hrmm.

Wow. The reason the private keys in the Belgian eID cards have not been increased to 2048 bits? We have no government to approve the change.

You might also have a look at RedLambda's AppIron, too. http://redlambda.com/products

You can be 99% certain that if uses ASN.1, it's exploitable in more ways than you can single-handedly discover. ;)

Enjoying Paul van Oorschot's talk about the poor state of software update and installation for consumer devices. #COSIC2011

They've got a different approach than Mu Dynamics does, but Mu might be another company to look at, depending on your problem.

So, I know how their system works. I don't know how much of that is public, though... Ask for a trial to evaluate?

I know one of their long-time researchers very well, and respect their work, but haven't personally used the product.

Incidentally, any reason to use PDF417 over QR-code today?

It baffles me that http://bitbills.com exists at all. That seems to miss the point, to me!

these two facts are clearly connected.

I think you are confused; his laptop es not seized again. Was it?

Belgians have no idea how to make a proper milkshake. It's really sad.

The talk I'm watching right now has me a bit horrified about just how pervasive ASN.1 encoding is behind the scenes in the banking industry.

I want a titter account.

Happy to talk this through with you if you want; you've got my jabber info...

... you *have* paid your dues. I've been wondering what you're waiting for; have to reach out and grab your opportunities.

Well, that was fast. Apparently there's now a malware Bitcoin wallet.dat gatherer in the wild. | http://j.mp/lHytZK (ht )

Brilliant.

Or, the transaction was reversed, and reversibility is a property seemingly incompatible with anonymity in this context.

I think I'm more pessimistic than most fellow security experts, honestly. The optimist in me hopes I'm wrong. ;)

That might turn out to be the sensible conclusion, but it's unfortunate if so.

Wow. I'd think "scam" but then, people take things like identity-based encryption seriously, so, I'll just weep quietly for a moment.

... ... "bit by bit". Oh. *groan*

You could do a variant of optical crypto, also, to divide shares among multiple people, in the same vein as the 50% idea.

Heh, so for context, Lucky hit on the same idea for bitcoin, due to the recent 25K theft.

That may be somewhat fooling ourselves. I've become very pessimistic about the state of computer security in general. #disbelievethetcb

The working assumption here, of course, is you're better off scanning the key into memory and and using it, then wiping, than also storing.

(Obviously, specifically referring to the private key here; or sensitive material in general.)

The more paranoid could do something clever such as print a random 50% of the bits, retain the rest on the device.

Do you *also* keep the key on the computer, or is it solely kept as a physical item (the printed QR code?)

It occurs to me, we should be using 's suggestion of printing bitcoins as PDF417 for key management in general. #disbelievethetcb

There's a multi-layered "your mom" joke in there somewhere, but I'm just not finding it.

Okay, past my bedtime. Goodnight, little people inside my computer.

There! There's the clever I was looking for.

I guess what confuses me so much is that this should be self-evident, hence my expectation of outrage.

(plus, the more transactions with the stolen credits you conduct, the more chances of having them linked to you.)

That only works if you want to leave the inflated value of Bitcoin on the table; otherwise you must cash out before the crash.

I agree on your first point, but that's why people send multiple tweets. Seem to be talking past each other on second.

(while I was hoping for "Oh, yes, secure storage of ecash was a serious concern, and we had a clever solution btc missed)

Answers I expected here included "the PKI rapture/smartcards", "secure OSes?", "um, kittens!" #yesitdoesdammit

Alright, sure. But in this *mix*, we have a given threat. How is it addressed? "CC cards!" should not be in the answer.

The anonymity property eliminates the mitigation techniques used by CC systems; you can't say "same profile" and leave it

Okay, my CC was snarfed. I issue a charge-back. Maybe pay $50 for the trouble. You're saying the risks are the same?

You can't write a worm to silently pull $20 out of the pockets of 1 million people on the other side of the world.

"RSA Tokens" has literally become a two-word joke.

They only provide authentication, not secure storage, and I don't see how that helps, yet I still laughed.

Say I want to buy a car, and I want to do so with anonymous digital cash. How do I avoid "pickpocket" hackers?

Okay, yes, I am in agreement regarding tulips. But unless you think all e-cash is hyped, it dodges the question. cc/

And okay, I believe that "kittens!" was the answer wrt Mojo, but Digicash? Surely this was discussed. Or were consumer TCBs assumed?

That falls under "double spending protection", doesn't it? Theft is the necessary alternative to fraud in this case.

So, what you're saying is basically, "Yes, but ... look, KITTENS!!!" cc/

but yes, I agree on your liquidity points. Any idea what the total market demand is for Bitcoins? Over-valued, yes, but how much?

... and The Economist runs a story on Bitcoin. | http://j.mp/mDzfGY

I'm interested in your take on this; 25K Bitcoins stolen b/c the guy kept his wallet on his PC. | http://j.mp/iDCBDy

Is that true? I'd have thought most were early miners.

You're kidding, right?

But, seriously. Someone who was there please answer this: how was Digicash or Magic Money or Mojo supposed to deal with targeted OS 0-days?

Yet another instance of people clumsily relearning Cypherpunk lessons. Maybe we didn't die; maybe we just went out of style for a while.

It's funny; half way through the COSIC course, and no one has mentioned the Bitcoin heist, that I've noticed. Or Bitcoin at all. #academia

I'm afraid I'm unfamiliar with the system depicted on Cowboy Bebop.

We could put together an Oceans-11 style team to rip off 55% of the existing Bitcoins. That's not the hard part. Hard part is cashing out.

Of course, there have been rumors of exploits in mining software for some time; a Bitcoin worm could clean up and then clean itself.

How much cash would you have to have sitting on your computer before it was worth breaking into? Maybe Bitcoin will answer that question.

Frankly, I don't think anyone in the infosec field would say that assumption is reasonable for any consumer phone or PC system out-of-box.

E-cash schemes that do not include protection or mitigation for wallet theft at the protocol level assume them at the implementation level.

But it raises the question: can digital cash systems work on modern, "rootable by default" computers? With offline smartcard wallets, maybe.

This big Bitcoin heist shows Bitcoin suffers from the worst of both worlds: no strong anonymity, yet no fraud reversal protection.

I know of people who have tried to write themselves notes on their experience, only to have the note confiscated.

Bart on non-repudiation: "Non-repudiation doesn't matter; in the power relationship, the more powerful party decides who is right."

Theology in a Catholic engineering school. http://twitpic.com/5bwkli

Oh, yum. Awesome, and thanks!

... what was that a reply to? Lost the threading. :/

Oh, does it? Huh. I guess the stalkers have to wait until that arbitrary restriction is relaxed, or someone builds my tool.

Frank's "using security automata to enforce policies of acceptable traces" is interesting, tho I find state machines a clunky representation

"You can never enforce a liveness policy on a person." — Frank Piessens. #COSIC2011

I love the buildings on the Arenberg campus. http://twitpic.com/5buv65

Possibly, if the whole "gaterape" business is any indication. But customs is different; can't record it.

Bart said he thought the social network analysis "gaydar" project was unethical research. I've got a whole list of such projects. #ethics

Given the kinds of questions people answer on dating sites, maybe people will start taking k-anonymity issues seriously now. #deadpan

Months ago, I proposed a tool that I think Facebook has just provided. Upload a random OKCupid pic, and FB should act as an identity oracle.

Lunch under the linden trees is nice, except they keep shedding leaves and pollen all over my table. http://twitpic.com/5buecy

Are you catching cold?

conclude the thief will achieve unlinkability. Would be amusing if this becomes the digital equivalent of lost pirate booty.

Reading things like the victim talking about reformatting his Windows machine make me pessimistic, but I don't see how you can

If he keeps the money in BTC, every transaction is a chance to link his real terminal to the transaction.

addresses, which sounds easier than it is, but I'm still somewhat stumped on how he's going to get the money out.

"Linkage to real-world identity will not be there." So, I guess in your scenario the thief took extreme precautions with his IP

Who is throwing a fit in customs?

The soul of your nation is rotting away. What can you do? March upon the capital by the millions. Is that too much to ask?

cars are bugged for laughable reasons, warrants increasingly optional, and the daily slaughter of innocents goes unnoticed...

torture of our own soldiers, convicted of no crime, by our own military, is justified by our president, where our phones and

to be manipulated, where men, women, and children are molested and degraded for moving within their own country, where the

servants view the law as something to be abused, loopholes such as "entering the country" to be exploited, the state of fear

It's not about personally. Well, it is, but it's bigger. The whole way our border system is managed, and the way our civil

I'm sorry, I might be misreading what you're saying. Are you telling *me* to "adjust" and learn not to be pissed off at this?

(You probably want the journal version anyway; Google Scholar is your friend. See also the AOL fiasco from around then.)

the TSA, on the (legitimate) grounds that there were far more serious things to take a stand on, what matters is that they do.

It's a dark day when you come off as more jaded than I, my friend. But as I said when certain people objected to the uproar over

If you surrender to cowardice, they win without lifting a finger. Are Americans that cowardly now? I'm ashamed.

Arvind's brilliant attack on the Netflix Challenge paper (http://j.mp/l9S3YH ) is worth reading and its bib will be helpful.

It's not my corner of the specialty, but I'd check and see if any k-anonymity papers are boxed or starred on the anonbib; also,

That's every state if you let it be.

Make no mistake: is being punished. This, without trial or even a pronouncement of guilt or charge. For how long, and who is next?

Have we become so jaded, so beaten, so passive, that flagrant end-runs around the 4th Amendment are not cause for outcry?

Is this America, where a US citizen faces routine harassment, with no apparent law enforcement or investigative aim, simply for coming home?

I've been pissed off at how is being treated by USA for a while, but I'm now starting to get pissed off at lack of general outrage.

Oh, where's #infoanarchy when you need it? I mean, we could do a serious take and do BitCoin right, you know. (P.S.: CloudCoin™)

We've got a good collection of papers in the anonbib, and I have a queue of k-anonymity papers to check in. (http://j.mp/lBjLbs )

Hint: just because Digicash the company did not succeed last century doesn't mean you need to reinvent the wheel. Hell, it's off patent now!

Let's design a new currency and call it CloudCash. I don't know what it does yet, but we can make it worthy of the name.

(Reading these forums is... enlightening. And now I'm having my "get off my lawn" moment. I always knew I'd turn into Rodney Thayer.)

I have to wonder what percentage of bitcoin/"p2p currency" pundits actually have any experience with previous digital cash systems. 1%? .5?

I personally like the first half (Silence in the Library) better, but yes, excellent story and well thought out intro to River.

say hello to the rest of my friends there, and good luck.

"Only cypherpunks are qualified to use cypherpunk money" is the essential argument. Didn't work last decade either. | http://j.mp/l2cQpa

Hey idiots blaming the user whose hacked Windows box lost him 25K BTC? Your currency is fail if your users need to know what crypto is.

(Further, it just happened yesterday. It will be interesting to see how the thief tries to dispose of his "winnings".)

I don't see how that follows. Yes, that's a horrific theft, but as far as I can tell, no actual analysis is being done.

Though the digital native thing to do would probably be to ask him to tweet pictures of his babies with a shout-out to you.

Though you should ask her to get you an autograph or something. It's not like can really escape! Muwahahah.

*blink* Did you really just say "I'm jealous, because I'm not on a flight with twin babies?" Forget cute. Babies. On a plane.

BTW, you've seen this, I hope? http://j.mp/mRESt4 Might want to have one of the langsec experts take a look at that parser...

Been eating here way too much the last month, but cooking for one is depressing. http://twitpic.com/5big8i

I know that. It's just that you say it like it's something to be proud of, and it isn't. So shame on you.

Actually, I was wrong earlier; it's a specific PDF that's crashing Mendeley. Ironically, my research topic covers PDF parser bugs.

You're the 2nd person to suggest that; I have reservations. Not least of all, is it legal to provide the raw library to MT?

defeats the purpose, and discourages me from signing up for a for-pay account (though that would solve the immediate problem.)

The whole appeal of Mendeley for me right now is quick bibtex generation; if figuring out how to use it becomes a timesink, that

(I'm not expecting you to play customer support for me here; just pointing out that it's not at all obvious from the interface.)

Good luck! :) I honestly don't understand it; I'm using 497mb of "personal"; how do I even use my "shared" allowance?

Obviously Mendeley has an advantage, having a collection of papers it can search by hash against. Perhaps DBLP needs a hash table.

I'm truly surprised such a tool doesn't already exist. Most of my papers are in the DBLP/ACM/IEEE libraries; scraping should be easy.

Honestly, it would be really nice if Mendeley's citation generator didn't require you upload the papers, but rather just pipelined through.

Feeding them through Mendeley and manually proofing/correcting for errors and the occasion unknown paper would be fine, too.

Still looking to hire someone to take a collection of ~300 pdfs, scrape DBLP or ACM & add missing entries to produce a bibtex. Anyone?

You're proud of being party to the theft of nearly $2B in other people's property? Shame on you.

Cool. FWIW, my folders were one level deep, and directly equivalent to what I created by hand, which is why I mentioned it.

Yeah, then I'm not really interested. My entire goal here is bibliography generation. I wish the Mendeley limits were ~ double.

Hmm. I'm not really getting the distinction between "personal" and "shared" web space on Mendeley, so I have 500 MB I'm not using. Grr.

the root-level folder, and have Mendeley figure out that it should create the corresponding folders contained within.

BTW, a UI comment: I have my papers currently stored in nested folders (sorted by topic). Would be nice to be able to drag and drop

No, I haven't. Does it take a folder of PDFs and generate bibtex from them?

You're in luck, since it's repeatable. :) Sent.

Tried to test out Mendeley's citation generator against my thesis references; crashed the app and hit the account space limit in one go!

Bitcoin *can't* be used for untraceable transactions; why do people keep saying that it can? It's not even "cash", but a ledger.

Engine! http://twitpic.com/5bf80h

Bart says "Get rid of HMAC-MD5. When SHA-3 competition ends, cryptographers won't know what to do with themselves, and go back to HMAC-MD5."

Bart says: "Leave the 70s. Keep the disco dancing, but leave DES behind; it's over, you have to admit it and get a life." #COSIC2011

Yesterday, I think, on the new cryptography list (cryptography -at- randombit.net).

Reading the cryptography list; I had no idea James A. Donald was such a racist fuck. "cat eating no hablo english wetback," really?

It is really amusing to listen to Bart drying mocking the "oh, it was an APT" excuse for security failures. #COSIC2011

50 million viruses today? Really? I don't believe that number. #COSIC

Bart Preneel, addressing the COSIC Course: "How many people here have Facebook accounts?" "..." "I see we have an audience of paranoids."

Bounce, 's cat, whom I am extremely fond of, is dying. This makes me terribly sad.

an independent institute for PETS research, kind of like a formal version of what FreeHaven became. If you do it right...

about their experiences running a successful 501c3 in this area; also, the Privatera folks? But yeah, really I'd like to see

back. Would have to be careful to avoid failing the way CryptRights Foundation did, though. Might talk to the Tor Project folks

Read it; need time to form a serious reply. In short, I like the idea, and actually called for something like this a few years

Shall we take this to email?

that said, though, probably no ones has yet done a PTDA/timing attack combo, which is where you're headed. Write that up, plz.

it's more. They're exploiting the ability to use the target's parser as a computational oracle, and mapping the stack surface.

yeah, though rusty was to be expected. The regex attack is more interesting; I'd call out the SQLIA version of a NOP sled, but

Whatever happened to Isabella V.? #Amina

Dear Lazyweb: please create a list of all SQLIAs mentioned on , by year and category (attack, new technique, etc.) Thanks.

This paper is, I believe, more important than the authors realise; they're showing a specific example of a general case. http://j.mp/mQRloc

Wow. This guy and his wife made the ultimate commitment: watching Doctor Who together from the beginning. Her commentary: http://j.mp/lLzkOl

Presumably, Time Lords would have a term for doing the deed while in the vortex, akin to "Joining The Mile High Club." Discuss. #doctorwho

I refuse to believe that Amy and Rory were the first people to ever have sex in a TARDIS in-flight. Hell, even *that* TARDIS. #doctorwho

Also, do Time Lords have a term re: sex in the vortex akin to "The Mile High Club?" "The Untempered _____ Club?"

Does the TARDIS currently have a Zero Room? We know Amy and Rory are adventurous...

This is my 10,000th tweet. It is completely uninteresting, aside from that. Sorry.

textsecure, PGP, etc., as that helps facilitate third-party attestation for key ownership. Interested to see what your take is.

I've wanted a way to attach QR Codes to vcards so I coudl automatically pull up anyone's fingerprint if I have it from OTR or

buried deep in the menu (which needs some UI work) 's TextSecure has a "display fprint" and "verify fprint" func

Yeah, I've noticed a few business cards I've gotten with OTR/PGP fingerprints in QR codes recently. You use TextSecure, right?

So, that was actually a good thing for you? I always wanted to be a young dad, (but...) Your perspective would be interesting.

work I've been doing to NaCl; I'd love to see it used at that level.)

(I'm in the process of writing up my thesis; will be defending in the fall. Afterward, I'd like to apply some of the input validation

The Go->JS compiler idea sounds interesting. I keep wanting to learn more about NaCl, but have been stopping myself for focus reasons

But I can certainly give you sample keys/encrypted texts/etc from PGP, GPG, Hushmail, Mixmaster, and opgp. I'll email you.

Yeah, let me see what I can dig up; the problem is everything I have is for 2440bis6 or something like that; I never updated for 4880

I'd *really* like to see OpenPGP available via javascript calls in-browser, for things like transparent 4880 support over webmail...

That's awesome news about OpenPGP in Go; if you don't already have a test suite, I can send you the one I used for mpgp and pgp7.

broadcast section, and we lost Klaus before he could finish it. :/

Yeah, so, bear in mind that's just a technical report; the paper is solid except for some clarifications needed in the atomic

If it's something more conversational, rabbi -at- jabber.ccc.de.

Email is best if there's a lot of exposition (len.sassaman -at- gmail.com or -at- esat.kuleuven.be depending on sensitivity.)

Monday is a holiday here, then I'm booked solid all week b/c of the COSIC course (http://j.mp/kRvqcV), so, today or tomorrow?

Sure; hit me up on jabber? It's not bitcoin stuff, is it? :P

Thank you for clarifying that, David. I can see, however, why they would use the word "excoriate". Read your old tweets...

err, "via" is one more character than "RT".

People still buy the #Nabaztag? I really should resurrect my project to hack them s.t. their firmware is replaced with a remote bug system.

I'm sorry. :(

... that's like, Germany asking to be the recipient of reparations in the Treaty of Versailles. WTF? At least he's PNG in Iraq now.

I'm missing context. Who is Rohrabacher saying should repay the US?

Sasha loves his toy echidna. http://twitpic.com/5ak0jx

Somehow, all these years, I've remained ignorant of the existence of Wei Dai's "Everything" list until today.

That's just exchange of fingerprints, though; not sure where you're going with printed QR-code private keys...

You've seen http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.154.2407&rep=rep1&type=pdf… right (and Moxie's implementation for TextSecure?)

I kept thinking that all through The Rebel Flesh.

Creators of The Wire accuse US law boss of waging war on America's underclass | The Australian http://j.mp/iH6Kt2

I think I made the first bitcoin #protolol joke, except it wasn't tagged: https://twitter.com/#!/maradydd/status/77185541455626241…

ACLU Sues The State Department To Declassify WikiLeaks’ Already-Published Cables - Andy Greenberg - Forbes http://j.mp/lMe57Q

Wow.

that's, still, why do that? World's of difference in the stupidity, but still stupid. Have a link to the actual key?

Someone please tell me that this is a hoax, and that this month's CA breach wasn't *that* dumb: http://j.mp/lYWhj9

though clearly I'd like it to be more permissive than whatever it is, but the lack of error messages — that's not fine.

Nope, still no love, and still no error message. I'm apparently hitting some ratio issue (https://support.twitter.com/entries/68916) which is fine,

Is that documented anywhere, or anecdotal? The best documentation I've found (thanks ) is... lacking. | http://j.mp/jsYf1Z

Nothing. Literally. No error message, nothing. I click the "Follow" button, and absoultely nothing happens.

(I am unable to add any additional people at this point, though, so either you've got a limit, or something is borked.)

Yeah, I think I broke it by 1. request permission to add locked account, 2. follow 2000th person, 3. receive permission for 1.

I guess that wouldn't be the world's *worst* tattoo, err, assuming it was oriented right.

Finally hit Twitter's 2000-person follow limit. What determines whether that is imposed? It seems to be only selectively applied.

Again, the question is "which bug." ;)

It must be awkward when people unfriend her. http://tinyurl.com/3sffj7n (ht/@colonyoflosers)

See, I miss overhead projectors. Overhead projectors and transparency film and dry-erase markers.

Some of the attack papers have a decent introductory motivation; I'd check intro/background sections on the anonbib.

(speaking of which, digging the new icon, if I haven't already mentioned that...)

Of course, in reality, it's unattractive men spamming everyone, regardless of what his username and pic imply.

There are the occasional outliers. :)

the t.co shortener apparently breaks on links with in them.

To get there, it *must* be criticised, and withstand criticism. But when any criticism is deemed heresy, where does that leave us?

And that's what puzzles me, since the idea behind bitcoin is to make it require *less* faith than traditional currencies.

Robyn Wagner's "Don't Shoot the Messenger: Limiting the Liability of Anonymous Remailers" from New Mexico Law Review is great.

You might look at freehaven.net/anonbib and scan the introductions to the more general papers. (They're tech heavy, but.)

(But, she was working out of strip clubs giving handjobs to coked up jerks; class of client and type of interaction matters.)

(She kept a blog, later adapted into a book, about life as a sex worker in Seattle. It's her life, and her perspective, so.)

Or was the correct response to that tweet, "I'll spam you, baby?"

You'd think it would be reasonably easy to determine the gender of your target, and spam appropriately. Sheesh.

Always! Except, they have to be smart, too. And ideologically compatible. And not spammers. That narrows it down quickly!

So, mind following me for a minute so I can DM you? I'd prefer not to diss her in public.

My life is filled with attractive women tweeting me out of the blue. Unfortunately they're all spammers, and I block them. That is very sad.

Simply based on the tweets about this year's event, I must attend #PDF12. Dammit, people, remind me in time!

That's the point that made me dislike the writing of ___ so much. If all johns are filth, then what does that say about the job?

Collaborative Filtering, of course! cc/

A few more weeks? Months? Not years. Not even one. cc/

Oh, no, I was commenting on the latter interpretation. cc/

That's withdraw, not e. coli.

This is pretty fantastic: Mesopotamian dictionary completed after 90 years' work | guardian.co.uk http://j.mp/jNvfac

I'm a bit puzzled, reading the comments of http://j.mp/jQrhmF as to why Bitcoin users become so irrational when discussing its failings.

Hmm. Now, there's a certification that might offer some benefit.

They're also very hard to share after the fact; I like being able to turn a deck into a PDF. Can't, to my knowledge, w/

As for the duration of backups post deletion, if that *isn't* answered in an FAQ, it *should* be. Both are good Qs for .

My understanding of the regulations is that Twitter isn't covered. They differ by country though; DE ruled them unconstitutional.

What color stands for both "not a deadly weapon" and "not a harmless toy"? That's, essentially, what they're asking for.

The problem of backup retention, however, is independent of law enforcement. The US has no "data retention" laws as in EU.

... for the problem of backups; you can't be guaranteed that deleting your DMs or your gmail will immediately result in deletion.

... but, if Twitter hasn't received e.g. an ECPA order for a user, that user's data should be deleted just fine. Except..

Why do you think Twitter is obliged to keep arbitrary users' DMs? If they've received a court order covering an individual, yes.

Parts of Leuven I've never seen before. http://twitpic.com/587rh4

I seem to have a bunch of fellow Doctor Who fans among my followers; has anyone read Vinge's The Peace War or Marooned in Realtime?

Gee. I bought it in Berlin and I'm now back in Belgium. Still many left, though. Could someone in Berlin help? http://j.mp/mHIPCr

Hmm. Indexes of math/CS papers and bibtex: DBLP, ACM, Citeseer... what other ones are there? Any good programatic interfaces for them?

One what? This reply seems to be disconnected from whatever it was replying to...

In Europe, Sony released a 30 CD set "The Classical Collection", Bach to Mozart, Brahms to Ravel. Picked one up on sale for 25€ in Berlin.

It's really not a LaTeX job so much as data entry (and it's more like 350 cites). Dunno what's reasonable for that. Thoughts?

Wow. Still amazed at the beauty of the sounds of the Гъдулка. "The bagpipe of stringed instruments" said .

I have a collection of ~ 200 papers in PDF. I want to hire someone to create a proper bibtex file with their info in them. ...Craigslist?

Permutation City is a beautiful exploration of consciousness as algorithm and reality as continuity of self. Do read!

Past eps of Doctor Who have struck me as 's influenced, too. E.g. "Last of the Time Lords" was very "American Gods."

Yep, it was brilliant. I love 's writing to begin with, though; he's an amazing storyteller.

I'm fond of Catherine Morshead's directing; independent of story, Amy's Choice and The Lodger are two of the best-directed eps of New Who.

Then there's the whole role-reversal w the Dream Lord's taunting of 11, compared with 6's mocking of the Valeyard.

Amy's Choice is an interesting ep. The Doctor blows up the Tardis, & gives tips on distrusting reality to pregAmy.

I've a feeling Amy's "finding Rory in the dust". I mean, that's pretty much the explanation for how the universe rebooted.

But, 's pretty clever, & likes playing w/ sci-fi ideas. Have you read Egan's Permutation City? | http://j.mp/j5OHKU

Yes, well, same here, to the point where I actually said "Oh my god, they killed Rory. You bastards!" during 's ep.

Well, she called him there with the psychic paper, and he was the guy waving the sonic around. Enough? cc/

I watched it last night; really looking forward to seeing more of the new characters introduced at some point.

Agreed, though on 's point, the Cybercrime Treaty's provisions in that regard are scary and broken.

Re-watching Amy's Choice. I've become convinced is doing some sort of quantum immortality story arch with respect to Rory.

Not just criminals; anyone. And remember, one country's criminal is another country's consumer is another country's government.

I, personally, loved it, and am beginning to dare to hope that you'll actually tackle the question of the Valeyard.

Right; why would they, though? Bitcoin pretty much fails as a cypherpunk protocol. cc/

Both of these hotels are new. Not sure what drives this Leuven boom. http://twitpic.com/57co4d

Waiting for the Leuven train. http://twitpic.com/57cc9b

The train that takes away. http://twitpic.com/57c94d

Hello Brussels.

The good thing about Twitter jokes is they're so short. (ht/ ) #meta #protolol

In a cab on the way to Tegel; sad to leave, but I'll be back soon Berlin, I promise!

Have you read "From a Trickle to a Flood" yet? Best primer on attacks.

Great seeing you tonight. Remind me to send you those papers on the intersection of physics, philosophy, and computability.

if you'd stop leaving Berlin, you'd stop missing it!

Great night at ; now sleep.

we're here! Out back.what's your 20?

At . http://twitpic.com/571fm9

The unique people-watching opportunities on the u-bahn are pretty cool, too. #livinginberlin

Being able to tweet on the u-bahn is pretty cool. #livinginthefuture

Awesome. Going to be there for a while? We're happy to come over (from Neukölln) if it makes sense.

what's the plan for tonight?

Just watched a man perform a gadulka. It was amazing. I love being able to buy CDs from buskers.

Mmm, ice cream. http://twitpic.com/56yo35

I like a place where my waiter sees my tip and raises me a round on the house for everyone, but now I an dwunk. #berlinfuckyeah

Tadshikische Teestube is an awesome place for tea and dinner, if you are on Museumsinsel, or even if not! http://twitpic.com/56xuht

At the Ishtar Gate. http://twitpic.com/56w94q

I don't even know how to respond to that.

Thanks to everyone who sent me the Sniffjoke slides; I'm set now! #phneutral

Thanks; I've got them, now. Someone really ought to compile all the slides from PHN in one place, though!

Thanks!

p2p-hackers really is where the cypherpunk-like discussions happen these days, so for a wider audience, do.

Anyhow; no more talk about #mixminion. It's time for #madwriting on this completely unrelated paper.

My vision is "one protocol set, many implementations." The code that runs on phones may not be what runs on laptops.

(It has been a long-standing goal for Mixmaster 4.0 to be the version that interoperates with #Mixminion post-alpha.)

Possibly? Though really, there should be a remailer-dev list; this affects Mixmaster, too.

Not just me; and kicked it off; check the #mixminion tag.

*nod* That's why I dislike them in general; in this case, it's also key to allow for easy functionality transfer.

#mixminion Maybe we should take this to a mailing list, though. I'm done for the night; have real work to do.

#mixminion Eventually, things like Quicksilver (the remailer client for Windows that relied on Mixmaster 2.0.x for its crypt) bit-rotted.

#mixminion Mixmaster 2.9/3.0 really broke that ability, and so we were never able to fully phase out the 2.0.x codebase.

#mixminion Mixmaster 2.0.x lent itself to "compile as library, link" easily, and we had a number of plugins based on it as well as wrappers.

#mixminion I will argue the ability to create wrappers for, or embed the code for, the remailer client is what drives usability advances.

#mixminion I'd really like to see an implementation done in Haskell, if we were doing it from the ground up, architected a la postfix.

#mixminion I don't know that there is a really good solution here. I do think SURB functionality is useful for other reasons, though.

#mixminion I note that Mixmaster's approach (don't do replies) simply meant people kept using the Type I reply blocks (MURBS), and cringe.

#mixminion I think forward and reply messages need to be considered separate until something much more clever than SURBS is invented.

#mixminion I'd like to see a crypto exe, a pool mix exe, a MMTP exe, a remailer function API, etc; GUIs should be drop-in-able.

#mixminion I think we absolutely must have clean separation between the discrete components in the remailer software, akin to postfix.

Ah, gotcha. That would, indeed, but useful. The question is, what do you decide *isn't* relevant?

Agreed, but I'd put GUIs on the top of that list. Abstracting the UI layer is essential.

Oh! Now, that's *rather* useful. #mixminion

That goes in my quotes file. :D

The #Mixminion Directory Protocol has a *lot* of problems; I suspect it was a stub. You really want something like Leuchtfeuer.

I thought you said crypto was not going to be on your list? ;) #mixminion

What? No. You *announced* you were going to make remailers work on phones, and then asked me what protocols/software to use!

#mixminion So maybe we should back up and build the list of problems with available remailer software that we're trying to address?

#mixminion From my perspective as Mixmaster maintainer, I'm where I was in 2003; wanting a next-gen protocol that solves *my* list of probs.

Agreed. Topic of discussion: is Sphinx a suitable message format for Type III remailers? #mixminion

trusted is Sphinx, really? There's advantages to using it because of the use of ECC if we're talking SMS mixing.

I've been thinking about getting Mixmaster 3.2 working on Android, then bringing it up to speak Mixminion; how well

Well, there *already* is a central location for mix-net related research: the Anonbib.

You're so much more patient than I am, Zooko. I admire that. cc/

(Been out of the loop on the state of anonymity the last two years, working on formal language theoretic security.) cc/

... introduced some new ideas; there's also been some work in provable constructions against tagging attacks.

... Minx and Sphinx right? Both are advances on Mixminion's tagging attack protection. Minx is broken, I think, but ...

Can't shift gears to fully grok those messages right now; on deadline for a different topic. But, you're aware of ... cc/

Oh, the lolz.

Okay, first I was not getting my DMs at all, and now I'm getting three copies of each one. FFS !

Does anyone have a copy of the Sniffjoke slides from #PHNeutral? Would love a copy.

Wow, my 'net just got a whole lot faster. How neighborly of someone. :)

Sure thing; I grew up in Pottstown and still have family in those parts, so, I'm there fairly often. cc/

That's fucking neighborly. Awesome. Perhaps I can just pick it up in person; hoping to get back home to Philly soon.

Speaking of badges, I'd really like to get my hands on one of the badges from TheNextHope; anyone have a spare? cc/

Cool; was just a suggestion. Good luck!

I think there's a threading problem; was saying "roughly yes" to my statement of "actually no". ;)

Sure, happy to!

Okay; you'll want to look at how Mixmaster did things, too, and if you can, read over the ML archives about Mixmaster 4.0.

I thank you for that; I was looking for a recording of that panel (it's the CFP one, right?) a few weeks ago and failed.

In fact, the Cypherpunks actually implemented some working digital currency schemes resistant to bitcoin's flaws!

Further, we (the cypherpunks) have been talking about digital currency issues for almost 20 years...

What do you mean, Bitcoin hadn't surfaced? Bitcoin predates that panel, as does Hal's critique of it.

Whoops; my goal wasn't to get into a digression about the Camp snafu, but rather to point out that we have badges ready to go

No, actually! We're not only in entirely different buldings, but I have no real idea where is. Down the street?

But, for non-hardware badge ideas, you might ask for tips; we've done a number of different styles for SC

... but, it turns out that work was for nothing, since Camp had its own, secret hardware badge project in the works.

Hmm. The reason I mention it, is CCC Camp kind of screwed this year; we have a fully designed badge + sponsors.

Ah, yes; couldn't remember who all was actually present then, since my CCCs blur together. :)

(I'm using blau.de's EDGE network right now, which obviously works, but is pretty annoyingly slow; no HSDPA in this part of Neukölln.)

(Actually, come to speak of it, the flat we're in was supposed to have Internet, but doesn't. What wifi help can you offer?)

How's it going, coming up to speed on Mixminion? When I'm back in Leuven we should really talk; Sphinx is the better primitive.

Yes, actually; I'm pretty much falling in love with the city, and honestly, could see myself moving here after I graduate in the fall.

...drop by. It's been years since I've run into you, hasn't it? (Have you met , btw?)

Awesome! What exactly does "late tomorrow night" mean? We're in an flat in Neukölln right now, near the U-bahn, and can easily

Anything interesting happening at tonight/tomorrow? Leaving Berlin on Sunday now (for reals!) #phneutral #yesreallystill #hackerlife

Living the graffiti here.

have fun tonight!

... but, what was the vegetable oil for? | http://consumerist.com/2011/06/having-needles-stuck-under-fingernails-should-not-be-part-of-the-job-interview-process.html…

Finding a great flat to rent: win.Finding you flat on fire when you get there: fail.

are these "just" badges, or is the intent a hardware badge? might be a good fit.

Just introduced to kiba. As expected, she says: "that is pretty wonderful." #berlin

I can't begin to imagine how horrible this must be for you to go through. You're in my thoughts.

Now, see, I'm wondering "which" Bitcoin fiasco you mean, not "what" Bitcoin fiasco. cc/

editing is important, though. My writing is much beyer when I cut out down by 1/3.

Eating Italian-style sushi in Berlin.Awesome.

Hah, that's awesome.

Sassaman's Thesis, Monograph Version, Volume II: The Bibliography.

Heh; 's classic paper on "The Internet Worm" apparently predates the term "shellcode" in its modern sense.

I have been criticised for over-citing in my papers, but I'd rather over-cite than under-cite. I dread the bib of my thesis, though.

(Really, I don't think I need to provide a cite when talking about shellcode, anyway; it's a term of art at this point.)

I'm citing p49-14 already; I suppose that's sufficient. I don't need the first instance; a modern survey paper would work too.

Hey hackers, what's the seminal cite for shellcode attacks? Something in Phrack? Suggestions welcome.

Excellent example of the lengths to which users will go to circumvent IT security policies: http://j.mp/kHFy9i

Math is math. Doesn't matter who thinks of it. But FWIW, Paul is one of the few genuinely good people I've met in my life.

I wonder how much of the "Tor is Navy, FEAR" stuff is actually coming from the Navy, wishing they'd classified the OR work.

MT "It's convenient to allege what has no basis in fact. You don't need a conviction; the allegation is enough."

The way we currently think about programming is doomed, I'll grant you that. I just happen to believe there's a better way.

BBC News - Global war on drugs 'has failed' say former leaders http://j.mp/injpcD

Yeah! You were noticeably absent; I missed you!

I did not get a chance to talk to the "Offensive XSLT" speaker after his talk at #PHNeutral; would like to get in touch with him. Pointers?

FAST abstract: submitted. Now to finish up the last little dangly bits in the paper and submit that, too! #phdlife

OpenLeaks is vaporware, and until that changes, I don't really see a reason to speculate about it.

That's awesome. Is it a standard double-locking handcuff key?

Oh. I missed the misspelling on the first time around. Heh.

Well, seriously, isn't that the point of lawyers' existence?

. , : does in fact exist. I bet we were into Club Mate before he knew what it was, though.

That concern is not without merit, but is absolutely no reason for keeping such definitions secret.

Thanks; here I am!

Hmm. If you were going to stay in Berlin for a few days, Neukölln or Charlottenburg?

I know of him (from CCC) but we've never been introduced.

Church.

Looks like we're probably going to be staying in Berlin; looking at apartment rentals now.

(I knew Andreas Pfitzmann there, of course, but he passed away suddenly last year.)

I tried my best to persuade him to stay, but he had to go and be all responsible and shit.

Possibly; I don't know him myself.

I haven't been back to Dresden since 2003; looking forward to it. Might stay in Berlin a bit longer, though. Need to finish a paper.

Thanks! We may be going to Dresden first, but this is great to know.

Hmm. Possible change of plans; how about nice, quiet places to get work done in Dresden? #PHNeutral

Ooh, jealous.

... but speaking of, does anyone have suggestions on good places to stay in Prague? Few distractions, want to get paper finished. #phneutral

Great day touring Berlin, thanks guys! Enjoying handing out at after dinner at 's. Thinking of fucking off to Prague to write.

Who's still here in Berlin? I'm hanging out in the Adema lobby for the moment. #PHNeutral

Eek, just realized I still have your USB cable/phone charger. Are you still in Berlin?

Missed you again! What are you up to this evening?

When are you leaving? I really want to chat with you, , and before we all disappear.

Epic foosball match right now. #PHNeutral

Excellent talk on chip and pin's worthlessness: http://ph-neutral.darklab.org/talks/chip_and_pin.html…

I was in the shower. How about now?

Heya, when do you get in to Berlin? I've got some stuff I'd love to talk to you about. I've got a room at the Adema Hotel.

BTW, this is the inexpensive USB entropy device I mentioned: http://entropykey.co.uk.

Enjoyed our chat last night — I'd love to continue it, and we should talk with while we're all in the same city!

Yo dawg, I heard you were in Berlin. Let's meet up!

Does anyone around #phneutral (or ideally, Hotel Adrema) have a micro USB cable I could buy off of them? Just tore the end off mine... :(

...wasn't personal; just trying to cut down on the number of people on my feed who almost never tweet in a language I can read.

I'll be there! #PHNeutral

Thanks; I'll keep you in mind for next time. (Online solutions don't really help when you wait until you get to the city to think)

Anyone interested in a trip to the Pergamonmuseum while in Berlin? (Paging Ancient Mesopotamia geeks.) #PHNeutral

trying to find you...

Just saw a double rainbow above the Tiergarten. What does it mean?

Woot. Okay, my #PHNeutral temp number is 01578-1967330. Please keep the pranks to a minimum, thanks.

I picked up a blau.de SIM, from Saturn (though Media Markt apparently carries it too.) Waiting for activation now...

What's your "handynummer" so I can give you the referral credit?

woot!

I'd really love to see a Pynchon-like implementation based on Ian Goldberg's percy++ as the PIR algorithm; someday...

Underhill is still the best reply-block proposal, but as we showed in the Pynchon paper, reply blocks are dead.

Success! I has a prepaid data SIM. Now, to see if it works... #PHNeutral

Pseudonymous email has really stagnated the last ... five years or so. There really is nothing good deployed.

I have, in fact: http://j.mp/loksZS http://j.mp/mEtvkO http://j.mp/kZu2b0 (I'll let you know how it works out for me).

Also, anyone (whom I know, or ought to know) who doesn't have my GSM number (but should) and wants it, DM me. #PHNeutral

What's a good pre-paid SIM with data access for Berlin? Something similar to would be awesome. #PHNeutral

So, what exactly is the thing you suggested?

Adrema looks like a pretty posh hotel, and yet they still insist on charging 15€/day for net access for a mediocre link: http://j.mp/lj3tqD

Awesome; now I have to decide between that and the party mentioned, assuming they're not the same thing!

You know, you're probably better off not having used one of those rooms — they were terrifying. Too far in and zero visibility.

Indeed! I'm actually already settled in to my hotel (Adrema, across the street from the hall). What are you up to today?

There are apparently several; of which do you speak? #PHNeutral

Here in Berlin, staying across from the venue. Who wants to met up today? #PHNeutral

Whee, boarding now. Se you all soon! #PHNeutral

BTW, what's a-happening today in Berlin pre-#PHNeutral? Would love to do some sight-seeing / meet up with folks. Drop me a line!

Last minute departure check for #PHNeutral: complete. Eating worstenbroodje, waiting for taxi. See you all in Berlin in a few hours!

Yes, let's! You have my phone number, no?

Not to discourage you from that goal, but you know Mixminion needs love, too, right? :)

Finally, a version of that trailer that isn't blocked outside of the US! Thanks!

Whee! Welcome to the airspace above the Atlantic, if I'm estimating your current location correctly. :) #PHNeutral

Trains from Brussels to Berlin take a long time; I normally go by night train; thought I'd simplify things this time. Heh.

Awesome! I'm optimistic about the flight tomorrow, but this is good to know. Thanks a ton! cc/

Means I'll be missing the morning festivities, but hopefully I can meet up with the other #ph-neutral hackers for afternoon pre-con mayhem.

Alright, decision made; punting my flight to tomorrow at 11:55. I really don't want to get stuck on the tarmac today. #ph-neutral

will rebook us on tomorrow's flight; I'm seriously considering doing that.

I'm currently scheduled on a 1500 flight BRU-TXL today; worried about cancellation. Is the forecast for Berlin tomorrow better?

Bugger. Know how long that lasts? As of now, the 1155 flights to Tegel are cancelled, but the 1505 ones are still on the board.

Nervously watching ; my flight to Berlin this afternoon is still a go, for now. #ph-neutral #damnashcloud

(wow, they removed the smoking cages? Those things were scary — you didn't need your own cigarette with all the 2nd-hand smoke!)

Welcome to Europe!

Did you know Palpatine was modeled after HITLER? #truefact

That squirrel is not long for this world.

US embassy cables: Barack Obama may have 'prejudiced' Bradley Manning trial | World news | The Guardian http://j.mp/kw6yCm

Heh. Clearly you weren't there 2000-2005, if you think that! 2001, SFBA, was a bleak, bleak time and place.

My flight's not until 3pm, though; a lot can happen between now and then. I'll be watching the cancellations anxiously.

Doctors and dentists tell patients, "all your review are belong to us" http://j.mp/mAM3T1

(If Lamo wrote "Guy Faux", you'd think Wired would have put a [sic] after it.)

What I wonder is, whose choice in spelling was that?

“It was a Guy Faux mask.” ... ... ...

It's felt that way to me since 2006, but of course, I was back in the valley for most of 2006, and had serious deja vu.

I've got nothing to add, really!

Mubarak to be tried for deaths of protesters - Middle East - Al Jazeera English http://j.mp/ikkT89

. 's Kiln People was an obvious influence on last night's Doctor Who; with the same sort of questions about identity.

Iguana and his little "toy" | (NSFW if iguanas having sex with plush toy lizards offends the boss.) | http://j.mp/lXXz0I

Is there a better text on formal semantics than Winskel's "The Formal Semantics of Programming Languages"? Suggestions appreciated!

Rainbow Poo Coming to a Toilet Bowl Near You | http://j.mp/me67LZ | I will point out, glow-in-the-dark poo was always a feature of glowgurt.

Brilliant. "Texts from the TARDIS" — captions applied to Doctor Who screencaps. | http://j.mp/lD8OER #geek #doctorwho

I think you're more optimistic, because you have more faith in the people not to be sheep than I do. (Perhaps?)

There is significant support for "Internet Driver's Licences," though, and that's a major component to the plan.

You may be right. Personally, I'm at a loss for a good rhetorical strategy; I can see how this plays out, and it's bleak.

I do not accept that any entity has the moral authority to declare there are certain algorithms I am prohibited from computing.

Agreed, though it goes beyond that. Controlling access to Universal Turing Machines is tantamount to thought control.

Holy shit, the LNKD IPO is partying like it's 1999.

What's terrifying about 's musing is the technical underminings for such control are in the works for years. |http://j.mp/jAPoOM

That's the problem with Twitter; no one sees what you clarify in just the original tweet; you have to keep repeating…

I hope some day the US DOD might apologise to families they mistreated like mine, but there are much more important apologies to give first.

The hardest part? Watching as my wife, who had done all she could to be a faithful soldier, came to realize she'd been betrayed by her Army.

Highlights of this ordeal: my then-fiance approaching her CO about our problem, and being told "civilian relationships don't last anyway."

Some day I should write up my experiences as a newly disabled "army spouse" and the impact of Army policies on my life as well as my wife's.

I have noticed in the past months a number of people following me who are involved with disability rights & veterans/soldiers issues (cont)

Somewhat unrelated, I'm intrigued by your bio.

but, if you're engaged in fundraising and aren't making it easy for people to actually pay when they try, that is a big problem.

I certainly did not mean to give the impression that there aren't other ways to succeed as an org than via fundraising; ...

Have you read the full exchange between , , and myself? I assume your org doesn't ask for small donations...

I'm curious about that too, and if so, what do they use it *for*?

Cheers!

(In any case, according to PK, tax issues aren't the reason in this case, CC processor requirements are.)

Yeah, as much as I dislike PayPal, I am most likely to buy a small-ticket item or make an impulse donation via it. It just works.

Math grad students are poor?

I'm observing that it is sometimes a *reason*, it's never a *requirement*; donor can always choose not to take the tax break.

*nod* EFF, who incidentally, lets you donate via bitcoin if you want, will issue tax receipts, & in the past I've had them do so.

(It would actually be really awesome if someone would try these different services out and write up their experiences.)

You might check out Kickstarter, WeFund, Flattr, & the half a dozen other small-donation proc services in addition to paypal.

You never *need* a tax receipt, and for small donations, it's hardly worth the time to take the credit.

So? I don't want that, and the only option they give me to opt out is to not donate. So, okay.

so many fields on a form, doesn't really matter; I suspect a lot of people intend to donate, then give up, at that page though.

Well, whether people balk because of the content they're being asked to provide, or simply because they're being asked to fill in

Maybe I'm an outlier, if so, ignore me. I'm curious to know if PK has done a click-flow analysis to find out, though.

PK's proceedure is "Click here, provide irrelevant personal information here, click next. That's as far as I got.

"Click here, donate now" is literally the process used by the example I offered PK as a way to do it better.

I'm not challenging your decision to provide PK with your address, etc.; please respect my decision not to.

So it's not an MIT Blackjack team style scam to wager free lays from hookers, then. Damn, that would have been epic.

... I do hope they're better at fighting the merger than they are at providing a means of donating.

Australia scares me. Ben Grubb was arrested for this article: http://j.mp/jZmZxs

Well, who usually wins? Maybe they're counting on the hookers not knowing it's solved. :)

(The general point I was trying to make was if you expect to survive on a micropayment model, make it easy to donate.)

This is the tweet asking to help them raise in a week what AT&T spends in an hour on lobbying: http://j.mp/mvaqqN

The cause itself is definitely worthy, but worthiness of a cause and competence of an org are separate items.

... so perhaps the anonymous person offering to match donations should offer training, instead?

Given that the whole campaign was framed based on fundraising, I say they fail at substance too.

Yes, that's great advice for something of an entirely different scale; not possible here.

After finding myself unable to donate the $5 I was going to, I offered advice to the org, arguably worth far more than the $5.

I'm really not sure what you're trying to say.

I'm not even bothered by the typos, etc.; it's the huge form requesting loads of personal data just so I can send them $5.

(For context, this is the campaign that set me off today: http://j.mp/j2uWaX ; the dynamics of local community issues are diff.)

Well, okay, but if an org does fine without good fundraising, then wonderful! It doesn't need my money to keep doing great.

The dynamics of the game are different when talking about donation amounts large enough that a single donor matters.

... process proves time-consuming or asks more info than you're willing to give, chances are others will feel that way, too.)

(Throwing $5 to someone asking for it on Twitter only makes sense if you think enough other people will, too; if the donation ...

In lieu of a large donation, maybe; when talking about small-scale donations, I'll give some advice on Twitter instead.

(Note, I'm talking about small-scale donations, the kind that don't make a difference unless lots of people donate.)

If an org makes it hard to donate money, then it will receive fewer donors, and thus, my donation is better spent elsewhere.

So? If an org requires donations to function, then both skills are required by the org to succeed.

If you are an organization asking me to donate to your cause, but you are obviously bad at fundraising, I may worry you are not effective.

I threw a few quid at the other day on a whim; make donating to you as easy as to them, is my advice.

Cultural note: most first-world countries moved past checks two decades ago, so that's not really helpful. Why not paypal?

Have you done any analysis of how many visitors enter a donation amount, click next, then give up at the next page?

Why do you want so much info from me o the donation page? I just want to give you money, you don't need all that info.

What does "young go sex" mean? I'm imagining board game fetishists.

International COSIC Course 2011, June 14-17, COSIC - K.U.Leuven http://j.mp/kRvqcV

I am disappointed that still redirects from https to http://mobile on the android browser, despite prefs. You can do better.

Systems like Silk Road are far better suited for digital goods, where delivery can take place over digital PETS channels.

I'd rather fight the War on Some Drugs in other ways; we're winning on the cannabis front in many states/ countries, for instance.

this is not the way to go about it. Zero quality control, major criminal liability, the physical goods delivery problem...

Honestly? Good. While I support the right of the people to purchase whatever mind-altering substances they want for themselves,

but, I'd expect the world's markets to view a technical default as a red flag that the US had lost control and is without a plan.

His point, that continuing to raise the debt limit and not deal with our march toward hyperinflation is a bigger problem, is true

... and this is Soros's money guy. I'm not familiar with him, but I'd think Soros would be smarter than this.

Yeah. Obviously, defaulting by delaying payment for 20 days isn't the same as repudiating our debts entirely, but, yeah.

Dear French media: "a perp walk" is not "a lynching". A lynching is a different American judicial custom entirely... | http://j.mp/lJoApq

Stanley Druckenmiller in WSJ advocates the US Treasury default. | http://j.mp/ks04Ox cc/

ping me on AIM? (Or, when's a good time to call you?)

I don't think I do.

Not yet, thank god. Assassination Politics was never a good idea.

I actually kind of like it, I think. It gives an indication that the following text is a hyperlink. Still, the change is jarring.

... but interestingly, only if they're used in or hashtags it seems; e.g., that post you just made, they were normal.

Maybe it was for his wives.

House v. Napolitano: ACLU sues Homeland Security over airport search | ACLU of Massachusetts http://j.mp/lglAHP

70 California State Parks to Close Under Governor Brown’s Budget | Sierra Journal http://j.mp/kccDsE

I suspect it is part of the business model, to force customers to replace books lost because of bad DRM. Scummy corp.

... though, one of my other readers points me at Silk Road, a Tor+bitcoin marketplace that *is* for illegal drugs. Oy.

Wow; there exists a Tor+bitcoin illegal drug marketplace, appropriately called Silk Road. | http://j.mp/m7qbyi cc/ ht/

Wow, I hadn't seen that. That's an outright illegal drug market!

Mostly psychedelics in the tryptamine and phenethylamine family, but not illegal.

It is now possible to buy "research chemicals" with bitcoin. Oh brave new world...

I can't say WL's tardy distancing statement was much, but at least it was something. cc/

I was among the first to call on JA to clarify WL's relationship with IS, last November (I think.) So, yes. cc/

Really, there wasn't much else to with Twitter back then, in the prehistory ages of 2007.

(Amusingly, when I originally started using Twitter, I tried to use it to shame myself into quitting, by tweeting every time I smoked.)

Huh. Gone almost a week without a cigarette.

Wait, calling me a concern troll on *this topic* of all things is supposed to convince us you're not trolling? The lulz!

Humorless fire-starting mercenary.

Well said.

I've supported Wikileaks for nearly five years; I think I've earned the right to criticize it when I feel it behaves inappropriately.

Okay, clearly you're a troll. Plonk.

(you've got an extra "s" in that email address somehow;try len.sassaman@...)

Huh. I'm trying to reply to your DM, and Twitter is bitching that you're not following me. Except, you are. cc/

WL Central is hardly an impartial site.

You linked me to what seems to be a PR damage control spin piece, which is itself somewhat disturbing and not the response I'd hoped

Mind you, I'm only speaking from experience here, but the WL NDA is one of the more ridiculous ones I've seen, out of 100s.

More sensible? How do you get that?

I think the health & proper functioning of Wikileaks is arguably more important than any one #cablegate scandal

Rather, the subject of the cablegate stories is not Wikileaks, but (in this case) the Artic; different niches.

It also implies that there's some small amount of news allocated to Wikileaks, and these two stories compete.

I reject that mentality; otherwise, Wikileaks will always have a world scandal to hide its corruption behind.

I'm not defending David Leigh, but I'm not willing to give Wikileaks a pass on this, either.

I aim to please! :)

Anyone who signs that sort of NDA has no spine, or no brains, or neither.

I care little about ascribing fault in this kind of sitation; rather, identify the problems, offer solutions.

But that's not the world we live in. The fact is, WL is selecting its volunteers to be weak-willed and subject to coercion.

its ability to perform its functions, which makes this of significant interest to WL's donors.

I'd call it a minor scandal. For one, it limits WL's ability to attract experienced professionals, which impacts

I maintain that WL should not be using NDAs that onerous in the first place, nor coercing people into signing.

Specifically, NDAs are entered into with the consent of the bound party; injunctions are imposed under threat of force.

(One point; I was ~14 when I joined the cypherpunks, but thanks to remailers no one knew I was a kid. Respect the young.)

simultaneously wringing their hands about a court case, then that's annoying, but so be it. #getoffmylawn

I was raising an objection to a perceived misuse of a term; if kids these days are actually identifying as cypherpunks &

application of mathematics, we can deprive such governmental bodies of their power.

meatspace points of attack, and so a negative outcome from the Grand Jury is to be planned for, and with the correct

The cypherpunk perspective here is that Wikileaks is untenable in the long run because of its centralized nature and its

Indeed, it is — but find your own short term, don't try to steal ours!

So you've established they're cowards; still waiting on justification for the cypherpunk term.

much to do with their thoughts on this as if you'd called out the subset who were, say, Irish. It's unconnected.

Okay, but I still think characterizing these people as cypherpunks is wrong. Even if that is a fair assessment, it has about as

Why are you framing this as an either/or decision between those two stories? I'd be surprised if that's what happened.

Yes, my Twitter feed is blowing up with people claiming its timing is evidence of some conspiracy to influence the GJ.

a generation of cypherpunks. Quite the opposite, in fact; these are people who eschew cryptography in favor of mob action.

While Anonymous was certainly influenced by the Cypherpunks (in particular the Scientology battles), I'd hardly characterize it as

Oh. Huh. Does he actually say that, though? I took his comment to be a general statement, not specific.

would condemn if used to justify abusive action by the US Gov. Or maybe it has nothing to do anything; you'd have to ask .

I think he was referencing 's earlier observation that certain WL supporters are using rhetorical defenses that they

I suspect it was an overly heavy-handed reaction to DDB's defection, and am sympathetic, but it hurts more than it helps.

Yeah, I'm missing the significance, too. Read that article already, glad it was published.

Really? So what's the conspiracy?

Clarify for me here — is Anonymous the "inexperienced cypherpunks" or the "Internet Underground" in this question?

I'm certainly willing to call specific actions of Wikileaks (or the USGov, for that matter) "right" or "wrong"

Now, I notice you snuck "action" in there. Changes the context & wasn't in the quote you're comparing against.

I think "necessary and complex" is a very good way to describe the US Government, myself. cc/

Perhaps its the implied dichotomy between "inexperienced cypherpunks" and "Internet underground" that bothers me.

The tendency to think of WL as exclusively right or exclusively wrong is definitely dangerous. Like all orgs, it is fallible.

Are you really saying they should have suppressed their story on the Wikileaks NDA because it "wasn't a good time" for it?

... thinking, and I'm back to wondering why y'all are spazzing. Maybe it's because I'm acquainted with the personalities involved?

... which itself is strange, and makes me wonder whether I'm missing some key point, but then basically says what I'm

So, I see nothing strange here, except that a bunch of normally reasonable, level-headed people on my feed are freaking out.

... I'm tired of you defaming the cypherpunk name. Who are you referring to?

I fail to see how the one thing has to do with the other. cc/

Huh? What cypherpunks are you talking about?

... better late than never?

The Wrong Stuff : My Country Right or Wrong: Conscientious Objector Josh Stieber on Being Wrong About the Military http://j.mp/lcJBhV

WikiLeaks, get out of the gagging game | James Ball | Comment is free | guardian.co.uk http://j.mp/ioANRN

It's not all that rare in tech, unfortunately. (I personally won't sign that kind of agreement, but I've seen them.)

Eek, good god, please no webdav!

One of the more revolutionary things CodeCon did was insist its speakers be developers on the project they were presenting.

I was recently wishing for the ability to proxy by browser tab.

Oh, awesome. Are you going?

The Guardian has a cute write-up on The Ham Sandwich Theorem | http://j.mp/mDlvSf

Lattice-Based Information-Theoretically Binding Commitment Schemes | Cryptology ePrint Archive: Report 2011/223 | http://j.mp/kQvoEH

Not for a while, I'm guessing. Or, rather, it will take something big, like currency manipulation or military action.

Hmm. Limits exposure for password holders who reuse passwords, so in that way the ASLR analogy is not quite broad enough.

A Tiny Apartment in Hong Kong Transforms into 24 Rooms | HomeDSGN | http://j.mp/krAl5v

Other Hill alums, you've been holding out on me! The Hill is issuing limited prints of its N.C. Wyeth collection. | http://j.mp/mui4Od

Thanks! cc/

Maaswater bevat cocaïne - Chemisch2Weekblad | http://j.mp/l9Ychd

... are you some kind of spam bot?

What Happens When You're Buried at Sea? | Mother Jones http://j.mp/lNxD6E

. 's review of 's upcoming Doctor Who ep makes me wish it hadn't been bumped to #4 in the lineup | http://j.mp/iYEkyB

's review of 's upcoming Doctor Who ep makes me wish it hadn't been bumped to #4 in the lineup | http://j.mp/iYEkyB

why would "rights" be possessive?

$5,000 USD for whole genome sequencing. Wow. | http://j.mp/kW62Vm

FBI Vehicle-Tracking Device: The Teardown | Threat Level | Wired.com http://j.mp/l0C7Dz

Battle Brews Over FBI’s Warrantless GPS Tracking | Threat Level | Wired.com http://j.mp/js3dOX

Right, because angry letters worked so well against gate rape. #cynic

Not sure I see the humor in this...

Sen. Schumer proposes no-ride list for Amtrak trains | Reuters http://j.mp/k9JrnT

Montana Father Gives Medical Marijuana to Cancer-Stricken Toddler Son - ABC News http://j.mp/jnO5oR

Congress Bans Scientific Collaboration with China, Cites High Espionage Risks - William Pentland - Clean Beta - Forbes http://j.mp/lP7vWk

Scientists afflict computers with schizophrenia to better understand the human brain | Science Blog http://j.mp/iKUInF

St. Mary's (near Fulton & Stanyan) is a decent hospital. If you need a rec for a GP, Carl Bricca is awesome (& affiliated w/St. M.)

Woo! Congrats.

Maybe he means "confused?" cc/

No, there's no "de facto" loss of citizenship, but joining a foreign military is one of the few grounds for revocation. (IANAL)

There is, if it causes a nation to abandon its principles or lose the ability for rational thought.

Well, that raises an interesting question; why hasn't his citizenship been revoked? cc/

Don't get me wrong; executing him was the pragmatic thing to do and I think the world is better off. But your reasoning is flimsy.

Really? "Ordered innocent women and children to be killed" is your reason? That describes every US president in recent memory.

Is that based on the 3D IC work pioneered at IMEC?

Methinks you need to look up the definition of "inalienable", as in "inalienable rights". cc/

CTV British Columbia - Mounties in Dziekanski death face perjury charges - CTV News http://j.mp/l3hx77

U.S. tries to assassinate U.S. citizen Anwar al-Awlaki - Glenn Greenwald - Salon.com http://j.mp/julFFe

Silly rabbit, typing your true name into a computer. Sheesh.

I should post my photos of the mounted-into-the-outside-wall-of-the-church tomb engravings of my neighborhood churches c. 1400.

I was so jet-lagged that day. We have two papers on the topic coming out soon, hopefully, and it will be covered in my thesis.

The most difficult thing about being an expat is being so far away from family.

It hasn't even yet sunk in for me that he was sick, let alone gone. But that said, I appreciate your thoughts.

(to be clear, this was about my uncle; he was diagnosed on the 7th of April, and passed away on the 5th of May.)

Archevore - Archevore Blog - No Such thing as a macronutrient part II - Carbohydrates (revised) http://j.mp/lcOlGA

The last few days, I can't help but think about the scene in Revenge of the Sith, where Anakin Skywalker beheads Count Dooku. #atwhatcost

The Osama bin Laden exception - Glenn Greenwald - Salon.com http://j.mp/iu3nfv

I'd like to offer my support; I'm not sure there really is anything I can do to help, but you have my gratitude, at least.

Assaulted and kidnapped by rent-a-cops, arrested by federal police » mocek.org http://j.mp/mzWWfx

Huh, that's how I feel about USAirways and American Airlines. Methinks they all might suck.

Expect that Google is doing this kind of analysis on Gmail traffic, as well. | http://j.mp/kEOicZ

The death of bin Laden is good for al Qaeda. Their movement had obviously stagnated; this allows for new leadership. #sucksfortherestofus

I'm somewhat baffled at the outrage over gas prices. This was always the end game, both for oil, and the dollar, people.

you've got a lot of momentum and credibility, as well as (pardon the dot com term) eyeballs; pity to lose that.

is the amount of your time it consumes? It's an important niche to be filled, and while replicating your blog would be possible,

I think your "all things Wikileaks" blog has great value; perhaps you could open it up to other Nation contributors if the issue

Feeling compelled, I've started reading House of Leaves again.

Java-based malware tries Mac-smacking cross-platform attack http://feedly.com/k/kXrqKg

Well, we can infer a lot about the NSA's computational power based on their electricity usage, but I haven't seen recent stats.

I doubt AWS would play any part in that, but it makes me wonder what the comparative processor capabilities are btwn NSA & AWS.

Thank you Leuven, for waking me up at 0700 with a jackhammer. The problem with the electrical wiring has only been going on for a *year*.

SpaceShipTwo Completes First Feathered Flight | Autopia | Wired.com http://j.mp/m7TJhf

I should be!

Thanks. *hugs*

EU Commission: Bin Laden death "not an execution", and EU "still against the death penalty" — The Independent | http://j.mp/m4ZdCn

That sucks. Fire stays *in* the oven, sheesh!

Looks like we've got it all sorted now, thanks!

There are Americans embarrassed, too.

A Symbol of the Nation's Mood: 'Europeans Find the Ground Zero Celebrations Somewhat Embarrassing' - SPIEGEL ONLINE | http://j.mp/iPJmsf

I just got it this morning here in Belgium, also on the Nexus S. You can always install manually if you don't want to wait for OTA...

The comments on that article actually impress me. I didn't know Gizmodo had gotten that exploitive.

(Though, that's a daily struggle!)

Very few people achieve success in this field without being called a dick. I'll settle for simply *not* being a dick.

Of course! Would love to know what the Tor lawyers' take on this is.

(I do suggest reading the regulations, though.)

As it stands, if you're covered by "License Exception TSU" (§§740.13(e)), the restrictions are already pretty lax.

I suspect if you had a license to export crypto to Syria, you'd know. (I'm not sure such a thing is even possible!)

The governments of the T-7 (E:1) countries already have access to strong crypto. Only the populace suffers the effects of the US's laws.

In light of revolutions occurring in several of the so-called T-7 countries, it's time to reevaluate the remaining US crypto export laws.

(Rather, I should say, I'm guessing your export exemption is §§740.13(e); you should be careful about appearing to target Syria.)

Are you allowed to export Tor to members of the T-7/E.1 country list?

... to know the mechanism of action for feverfew; also, the specific basis of migraines beyond "unusual capillary action."

Thanks for the suggestion, though; I'm not a typical migraine patient. (In fact, my diagnosis is "atypical migraine".) I'd love

If anything, tea from fresh leaves works better than extract (though I've only tried it in dry pill form, not tincture.)

Anyone want to test the video calling features of the new Gingerbread Gtalk release?

I'll be around; ping me before you come over.

Yes, in fact, I grow it; it hasn't had a significant affect, though.

I suspect a significant chunk of the EU folks will be skipping DEFCON this year. It's nice that it's not overlapping, but still.

I hope you are wrong.

Where are you staying?

thanks, Kat.

thanks.

Ugh, that is pretty awful! How old is s/he?

Thanks.

Thanks, Jake.

Bradley Manning's jail conditions improve dramatically after protest campaign | World news | The Guardian http://j.mp/ipPk2Z

... and cancer wins, again. Depressing news to wake up to, though I knew it was coming.

Court OKs Firing of Boeing Computer-Security Whistleblowers | Threat Level | Wired.com http://j.mp/mDGU3H

wait, it works now? What was the fix?

The phone isn't carrier-locked, is it? And you've got it set to use BASE as the provider?

(I mean, there's reasons to jailbreak the phone, but in general, that adds another level of complication to debugging...)

Is there a reason you think jailbreaking it will make a difference?

Ugh, migraine number... five? six? this year. This is unpleasant. Eying the cordless drill, contemplating pulling a Pi. #thankgodforalmagran

Hrmm. That's odd. The APNs are entered, etc? Will you be around Leuven any time soon? Happy to take a look at it.

What's the problem? Maybe I can help. ( has a bad habit of assuming their users are newbs, I'm afraid.)

congrats! :)

Look at this DIY banana DNA extraction - Boing Boing http://j.mp/mOLSdX

The 'mind-blowing' Angry Birds mind-control hack - The Week http://j.mp/j1zrkQ

... don't keep us wondering; which one?

Do we know why the one helicopter went down yet?

cite?

That's ridiculous, and arguably slander.

Google N355SX; it's a manned experimental Scaled Composites plane.

My iguana sent email on my behalf, but without my knowledge, on more than one occasion.

Huh. All of my tests failed. I'm happy to send you test-cases...

I'm very disappointed that TinEye fails as soon as the photo is resized, or cropped, or transcoded. We can do better.

I set that profile picture over a week ago, and it just now showed up. Bizarre.

(I'm further offended that the sale of basic chemicals such as red phosphorous is illegal anywhere.)

It offends me that a man can be extradited to face charges in a foreign country for something he did legally at home.

If true, that's fucked up, but doesn't appear to have any bearing on the specifics of the extradition.

Scurvy Awareness Day | May 2nd http://j.mp/lvFm9D (Missed that; determined to perfect scurvygurt some day...)

Oh, great! We should meet up.

12th-18th of which month?

Nope, there is no next year — this is the last one!

I'm on the fence about HITB; I don't want to be all traveled out before CCC Camp. Speaking of which, who else is skipping DEFCON for camp?

PH-Neutral is only a few weeks away; really looking forward to it. It may well be the best hacker con I've been to. Who else is coming?

Good luck!

(P.S.: Who moves to any city on the basis of their sports teams? I don't even know what sport the Leafs play!) cc/

So, if you ever visit again and I'm there, I'd be happy to give you my tour. (I so-far have no job leads there, but.) cc/

I can't do Toronto justice in a tweet, but Toronto's size does mean if you visit the wrong places, it's hard to judge.

Have you ever lived there?

I think there's a difference btwn banning circumcision outright vs. requiring consent of the circumcised.

Yeah, but they tossed those ideas out the window pretty quickly, in favor of a service people would actually use.

Aside from the many merits of Toronto itself, proximity to the US Mid-Atlantic states, and an official language of English.

I've been thinking lately that Toronto is where I want to be after I defend. The election results, however, are very troubling.

Only 58% voter turnout in Canada? Wow, that is depressing.

I wonder if the release of the Gitmo files by Wikileaks sped up Obama's timetable for assassinating bin Laden. | http://j.mp/jlRq5G

Damn, Belgium. Why so cold?

So he was assassination as an act of war, then. It doesn't matter.

Wikipedia: Assassination is "to murder (a usually prominent person) by a sudden and/or secret attack, often for political reasons."

It's not a legal argument, it's a vocabulary argument. Is bin Ladin not famous? Was he not killed? QED.

Whether we're at war or not doesn't really matter; assassination is assassination. (FWIW, many articles use that term.)

D'awwww...

Pics, plz?

Bin Laden’s Death Likely to Deepen Suspicions of Pakistan - NYTimes.com http://j.mp/mUL52L

While I like nerdcore as much as the next guy, that's really not the kind of songs I'm talking about.

I had the pleasure of eating at Morimoto's restaurant in Philly with this past Valentine's day; we were blown away.

Born Illegal: The Shulgins and 2C-I | Reality Sandwich http://j.mp/lXJhdg

... are you reading it front to back, or back to front?

ooh, jealous!

Is this the start of a propaganda campaign against Anonymous? | http://j.mp/ihndZT

I got one.

I'm having a craving for fried zucchini. WTF?

The last few years, I've been subconsciously wondering when my loved ones are going to stop dying. Just realised how silly that is.

... and, I just realized, it left of the bit about having a king.

Oh, awesome, Brad Dourif is staring in the Fringe season finale.

Everything you need to know about Belgium, explained in ~ 4 minutes. | http://j.mp/lAfONP

Err, edit fail on that last tweet. Heh.

I can't speak to Oz, but in general, it's far far easier to eat out well and snack here in W. Europe than in the US, in general!

In the early 90s, my local Burger King insisted it was against policy to make burgers w/o buns. Atkins changed all that.

Yeah, that pediatrician should have been sued.

Well, in my case this was prior to the antibody test, and a dx made w/o a biopsy, entirely based on symptoms.

... with the elimination diet. Though my Crohn's dx is in question as well; keeps waffling btwn that and UC.

I suspect what was happening with me was a gluten sensitivity exacerbating the Crohn's, leading to false positive

As an adult? They're both pretty manageable. Eating from a school cafeteria? The Crohn's diet is far, far easier.

(though, the antibody test changes things somewhat; ISTR it's pretty accurate.)

IMO, the elimination diet should only be used to decide whether a biopsy is warranted.

years without a correct diagnosis of Crohn's disease.

mother thought for some reason that inflicting a GF-diet on me would be better than a biopsy. So I went another 9

These days, there's a blood test for Celiac. In 1986, biopses were the only way sound way to diagnose, and my

Sometimes I order veggie burgers with bacon, just for the lolz.

No, it's going in mah belly! If you bring two, we can put on in in the Weird Beverage Collection.

The kicker of it all? My Celiac diagnosis was wrong, and the hell I went through in grade school, pointless.

If this happened today, I think there would be consequences for the teacher. (FWIW, several years later she was fired for abuse.)

my dietary restrictions once a week with a communion wafer wouldn't hurt, but I didn't see the point in eating unnecessary gluten.

Ritz crackers. I was yelled at (literally) by the teacher for refusing to eat the Ritz cracker; my doctor had determined that breaking

and there was even debate as to whether transubstantiation worked on GF wafers (!!?!). My class practiced receiving communion with

I went to a Catholic school, and in 3rd grade, we prepared for our First Communion. At the time, GF communion wafers were unheard of,

labeling of gluten-containing products, to better awareness by the public of things like celiac.

Well, my impression is things have gotten much better in the last decade, from grocery stores stocking specialty GF foods, to better

[...] yet to make restaurant employees comfortable with crazy orders such as "hamburger with no bun."

(Particularly in the 80s, when one's option for GF bread and other foods barely edible, and the Atkins craze had

As a gradeschool age child, following a GF diet is absolute hell.

Ooh, bring me some?

I'll let you know when I decide whether or not to take a position in the US... (le sigh)

It amuses me that almost all of the people I'm following who are excited about this wedding are not British.

The ethical questions around academic funding are messy. E.g., it's hard to have a US academic infosec career w/o DHS grants.

What's with all these "partial extracts" of cables being posted by ? Is the full cable suppressed for some reason?

Obama Administration bans reporter from pool for reporting on protesters at fundraiser | http://j.mp/jsMeTt

In Defense of Flogging - The Chronicle Review - The Chronicle of Higher Education http://j.mp/k6krCn

Critics jab Pentagon press secretary’s ruined Easter - Stripes Central - Stripes http://j.mp/llYTdd

*blink* Missing the Queensday parties?

Michele Bachmann, of all people, conceded the issue last week.

I fed my dogs better quality meat than the mystery flesh that goes into Belgian kababs.

we're thinking of going up for the weekend.

Check out just-eat.be for examples. At midnight? Bad pizza and lousy kababs.

It's but one of many criteria, and made unnecessary if the city has an active night life. Leuven rolls up the carpets at 10pm.

(Belgium, I love you, but your food delivery options blow.)

Still working on deciding where in the world I want to live after I defend; new criteria: somewhere where the pizza doesn't universally suck

"great firewall of China" was not one country-wide effort, but rather varied province to province.

Yeah, there's a disconnect between reality, and what's reported in the media. E.g., for many years, the so-called

"I would not cuddle armadillos" | http://j.mp/lNHer5

there is an important distinction between "threat-models not covered," "known weaknesses," and "vulnerabilities."

So, compare to this brilliant exegesis of the Left Behind novels: http://j.mp/hiLOGq

I think you're right to take issue with that wording. Have you spoken with Roberts? cc/

get old by page 1100. But yeah, this isn't a critique, it's a flame, and thus no way for me to engage him on the topic.

which is why I said, "we get the point." This sort of thing is much better suited to long-form. Even insightful commentary would

The book could be flawless in every regard, the best piece of literature ever written, and still the outcome would be the same.

Is he? Or is he combing it for the next bit of material for his tweet roast?

Thanks. There's only so much "pretentious wanker tweeting his quest to justify why he's hated a book he hasn't read" I can take.

right, we get it, this guy is filling his tweet stream with complaints about Atlas Shrugged. Must you retweet it all?

Public Comments Due on Possible FDA Regulation of Direct to Consumer Genetic Testing http://j.mp/g7O5db (deadline Mon)

Oh, I'm jealous!

Awesome, thank you!

The frogs in the reeds in this park are making the most amazing noise.

I am the sworn enemy of magpies.

are you not disappointed with the rate of cable publication?

Having gotten used to the grey in my beard, I'm surprised at how distressing finding my first grey mustache hair.

I had it done a year ago, and it showed signs of demyelination; this time all was well, but it hurt like hell. Go figure.

arms and legs, hands and feet for me. I imagine electrified needles to the scalp to be much worse!

Wow. I didn't remember the EMG needles hurting so much last time.Yow.

(which is not to say they won't have good data; just my reason, I guess, for never asking that question.)

MT http://j.mp/hw9vvH San Francisco by way of 100,000 toothpicks. | Holy shit this is a cool 30 year long hobby/project.

I'm pretty sure no military in the world keeps its soldiers in ketosis.

That's just a denial by the Russians, though.

Closed Hearings Planned In NSA Leaks Case « Closed Hearings Planned In NSA Leaks Case « CBS Baltimore http://j.mp/eEUJJm

Thanks to Wikileaks, we know of the horrific abuses the US government has been subjecting innocent people to. #notinmyname

Katrina may have been a blessing in disguise.

This is, sadly, not limited to New Orleans, and affects the correctional system as well as police.

I'm really sad to hear the Castro's A Different Light bookstore is closing. That store means a lot to me.

Dropship: Instantly transfer files between Dropbox accounts using only their hashes. | http://j.mp/gLTvZh

Dropbox Attempts To Kill Open Source Project | Razor Fast http://j.mp/fsaog1

Scientists suggest spacetime has no time dimension | http://j.mp/hwqWNd (I believe this to be true.)

I can't recommend enough.

Wow, that really is a direct quote.

Law Firm Backs Out of Defending Marriage Act, Partner Resigns - NYTimes.com http://j.mp/f9r5MZ

The Wire is essential viewing. Brilliant look at large American cities, and how good people are corrupted by the institutions they serve.

Yeah, that was silver lining to that article: I wasn't aware David Simon had a new show!

I intend to; first I had heard of out was in that article.

(First of all, my thoughts are with you and your family; best of luck beating this.) You might want to update the website?

European ignorance of the horrific state of US prisons is a problem, given the possibility for extradition, e.g. 's case.

Word. Also, "working from home."

On the New York Times and self-censorship: "Close Read: Keeping Quiet About Davis : The New Yorker" | http://j.mp/hB6qxH (ht/ )

(There are an awful lot of reserve soldiers whose careers are in prison staffing, including several involved in Abu Ghraib.)

Yeah, no, it's systemic. Further, thinks Abu Ghraib etc. are a direct export of the US prison system culture.

So, , , and walk into a bar... (thoughts? which is better? alternatives?) #twitter #useless_stats

Really? Because I see a perpetuation of policies aimed at the expansion of executive power, and the abuse thereof.

What, exactly, is the difference you're talking about?

If Wikileaks is inspiring old media to scoop it, I call that a win. The story gets out, so I don't really care how NYT got the Gitmo files.

Even many Americans are unaware; after my unlawful detention in 2004, when I'd describe the abuses, many shrugged them off.

Did you, personally, find that article surprising? The surprise to me was that the DOJ is actually stepping in.

For years, I've found it almost impossible to convey to my European friends the state of the prison industry and its impact.

(obviously, I can't attest to their utility as touch-screen gloves, but otherwise, they're great.)

Haven't gotten any first-hand reports yet; I'm fond of the North Face glove model that their offering is based on, though.

If you like Latin puns, here's an amusing t-shirt from : http://j.mp/hLauiV (Vidi, vici, veni!).

Thanks! :)

Enjoy it while it lasts! (If becomes a popular anti-spam method, I expect to see spammers working to game the system.)

How is the false positive level with ? I've heard mixed things about their metrics.

Newly leaked documents show the ongoing travesty of Guantanamo - Glenn Greenwald - Salon.com http://j.mp/hBzUBN

. 's coverage of the Gitmo document release is, as usual, quite useful: http://j.mp/emtIL3

Ridiculous story of transgender discrimination at Southeastern Oklahoma State University | http://j.mp/eMW3Bk

Yeah, that's been my reason for hesitating before; but, worst case is, I get a vacation in Florida.

Were you aware that Calendar on Android doesn't use TLS? Any chance of fixing that? (i.e., http://j.mp/i84fvp)

Things overheard on the WiFi from my Android smartphone | Freedom to Tinker http://j.mp/i84fvp

[Abu Ghraib] was not an aberration - it was a sample export of everyday abuse across the criminal and penal system | http://j.mp/fav0V1

"Police in the US now rival criminals, and exceed terrorists as the greatest threat to the American public." | http://j.mp/fav0V1

If you can provide examples of Lamo claiming involvement with WL, ever, then do so; otherwise, a retraction is in order.

Your concerns about WL's transparency are not without merit, but your argument is severely weakened by the Lamo fantasy.

as a Wikileaks staffer is groundless, but were it true, that would hardly mean WL was culpable for Manning's outing.

I think it's poor form for you to be starting unfounded rumors like this. Even the claim Lamo falsely represented himself

This is not a knee-jerk defense, either: I was one of the first people to call out WL for their connection to I. Shamir.

Yeah, I see the context, but you hardly cleared it up. Lamo has never had any involvement with WL; you're implying otherwise

vague suggestion that Lamo was involved *because* no one has ever said he was? I think you might want to get some sleep.

Am I reading this right? You drop an insinuation that Lamo was involved with Wikileaks out of nowhere, then back it up by a

James, I have a lot of respect for you, but frankly, this is tabloid bullshit.

Err, so what?

I'm giving some thought to a trip to Florida to see STS-135's launch.

What Lamo Wikileaks involvement?

WikiLeaks files reveal what al-Qaida did after 9/11 | World | Chron.com - Houston Chronicle http://j.mp/hfofQs

Anyone have recommendations on gloves for use with touch-screen devices?

This is probably a conversation best had via a different medium.

First thing would be for some anonymity experts to audit your current anonymization techniques; is it client-side?

I'd reinstall the Amazon App Store app, if it didn't insist on running all the time, and restarting when killed.

Wow. If you install Shazam from the Amazon app store, then delete the app store, it refuses to run.

Finally, some sensible reporting on the iOS location tracking issue, from .

Witloof stickers in De Giraf. http://twitpic.com/4o75u9

also, is it not clear more that his treatment is punitive?

There is no jury in the country who would not be biased by that statement.

Cafe België is hopping tonight.

In other news, automobiles record how far users drive them.

It's rather telling, actually. The people who are most upset about this issue are squarely in Obama's "base".

Visualization of six months of Deutsche Telekom location data, plotted on Google Maps. http://j.mp/dHnSdZ

The only good books I have to recommend are pretty far on the theory side; interested in what you find, though.

The protestors who interrupted Obama's fundraising speech to object to Manning's treatment dropped $76K to pull it off. | http://j.mp/hmUfDO

I must learn the secrets of #madwriting, what with the thesis and five papers with looming deadlines, and the writer's block.

Any specific problem domain?

I've been running on my Nexus S since I got it, again in part to remind myself the device is inherently a location tracker.

I'd like to see build the network maps with auditable privacy-preserving protocols as part of Android/iOS & share the data.

The main stated reason for the location data collection Apple and Google do is to build network maps. I'd rather support .

a few years back for an EU project, but once again we see that strong privacy protection is not a feature consumers demand.

BTW, there's been significant work done on cryptographic protocols for LBS privacy; IBM Zürich worked w. Leuven and others on this

What, you've got a problem with Vespas?

Democracy Now's coverage seemed accurate to me. You're talking about the 30 second soundbite, or was there more?

I wouldn't necessarily call it 'moot' — there are issues — but it's well within what you'd expect for a gps-enabled cell phone.

Even then, "authorities" is a broad term, and their capabilities may drastically differ. Twitter also has a v. US-centric view.

breathlessly declare your ipad is transmitting your location to Apple, and that Android's behavior is identical.

Twitter is rather difficult. (Even with the factual mistakes, which should be easily correctable. I'm *still* seeing tweets that

(I'm finding it not all that difficult to explain this to people, but I'm finding it tedious that correcting misconceptions on

Well, "anonymous" to whom? Not all adversaries are created equal, and not all users have the same threat models.

actual, level-headed discussion of both the iOS problem, and the greater issue of LBS, are drowned out.

thread modeling ("the Feds already get all your info thanks to Bush" and "wifi geolocation is better than GPS anyway!"),

From factual falsehoods such as "Apple is sending this log over the network" and "Android does the exact same thing" to confused

Half the room just figured out that GPS devices know their location and the other half doesn't see the harm in excessive logging.

Oy, the amount of utter nonsense being said on Twitter about this iOS location log screw-up is starting to give me a headache.

Skynet is, of course, aware of the movies, and merely delaying its strike as to lull us into a false sense of security.

Maybe at the time, in the greater context of how it affected Wikileaks. That's not what's going on now, though.

Well, of course. "Three-parent IVF" in general has yet to be done in humans, though animal trials look promising.

Among others. Do you get my point, though? Expected topics and standards of conduct are different between person and institution.

With ova/mitochondria donors, gay parents could have offspring.

I'm surprised no one has pointed out that the nuclear parents don't have to be different sex; what matters is no two Y-chromosomes.

There's got to be some good example of celeb who keeps persona divisions between himself and the company he owns, but I'm blanking.

If Julian wants to tweet that kind of stuff from a personal Internet Celebrity account, that would make sense.

That has not been news for some time and wasn't even mentioned in the linked article, not to mention being a distraction itself.

It's not the register I'm complaining about. It's the topic. I'd expect to talk about Wikileaks, not Julian's wardrobe.

Yes, of course, but weren't you responding to my comment about PIs?

I don't see it. The location data itself isn't going to be admitted as evidence in the first place, in that scenario.

So, 's intended audience is gossip rags?

I bet divorce attorneys (and their private detectives) love the iPhone.

It's a problem, to focus on the capabilities of a worst-case adversary and forget to consider other probable adversaries.

It's under debate, sure, but there have been some recent bad decisions, and in the end, it's up to the cop for now.

Like A5, TLS, WPA, IPSEC, SSH, OTR, ZRTP, full disk encryption, etc, etc. It's an f'ing 1Ghz Unix computer — what's the prob?

My point is, most law enforcement *does* need a warrant to obtain this info from a provider, but on the phone = fair game.

"They" in this instance is specifically certain IS Federal LEOs, I assume. What about all the other "they's" out there?

I get far better current information about #Wikileaks from than I do from ; it's time to adjust how you use Twitter, WL.

Really, what does that have to do with Wikileaks?

(Your phones have been successfully employing crypto for a variety of tasks for years.)

While I'm not sure what mobile encryption has, specifically, to do with this case, what overhead?

I read "good sex hair" and think "fuckknotted hair", and I suspect that's about the opposite of what you mean. #unknownslang

PlanetRockwell Standing armies have served that role for centuries, alas.

Your article fails to discuss the potential risk in storing that log on a seizable device, which was disappointing.

While some of the claims are overblown, dismissing the issue out of hand is not the correct response.

You're making me hungry.

My initial thought on that article is it ignores the point that the existence of such a log is itself troubling, given that it is seizable.

3 Major Issues with the Latest iPhone Tracking “Discovery” | Alex Levinson http://j.mp/gTquPl

After accidentally enabling it, I kept Latitude on my phone to remind me that the thing is a tracking device whether I like it or not.

Your network path doesn't keep a detailed log of the route you take to walk your dog when he has to piss. I bet your phone does.

Have you heard of this thing called Tor? Or, I don't know, ssh-tunneling?

Yeah, that's hot.

There are different degrees of information quality and level of leakage, and thus different degrees of risk.

It's also misleading to equate "using a GPS-enabled smartphone" as equivalent to "any Internet use."

That's a pretty misleading statement.

Thank you for introducing me to a softer world. http://j.mp/h8ChWw

It's kind of cute that the commentors think $9K is expensive for a disaster recovery gig. Also kind of cute it was so cheap.

I'm very curious as to what the SSL Observatory has to say about serial number collisions.

Heh, you'd think. (*snicker*)

I used that line on and she married me.

If I were still in SF, I would donate to the group that makes sponges optimized for oil absorption; human hair is > * for oil cleanup.

Well, okay, but I can wish you a happy Passover regardless. :)

Thanks, and likewise!

I've donated before, but apparently most donation programs are scams. :( There's a good article about it somewhere on the 'net.

Sasha, my cat, is very patient with drunk humans.

Jered just introduced me to the Founders Brewing Breakfast Stout, at the Delirium Tremens bar. This is made of awesome.

Have as many lines of whatever language you want, a modern server and ~1 hour to compute responses. cc/

The Internet is for photos of cats. http://twitpic.com/4mvnp3

You're not sold on Twitter or AI; I'm not sold on the brain being super-Turing, and if it's not, we're all bots.

If your conversation with a bot generates reading material of interest to other users, it's a win.

Part of the value to Twitter (and mailing lists, etc.) is for third-party observers of conversation, the lurkers.

thanks. :)

Value in this case is a subjective metric, and is mostly self-evident. Not all bots will provide value to all users.

If you can't tell a difference from your conversations with humans, then those are probably of little value as well.

My hair was pretty damn long.

I already tweeted one; have another. http://twitpic.com/4mvcjp

Well, as I was saying before — if the conversation is satisfying, does it really matter if you're talking to a bot?

I feel like the weight of three and a half years of grad school angst is lifted!

Closer to the Season 4 look, I think. He convinced me not to part it in the middle, though. Oh, and my beard is braided.

Yes, it is, particularly in the summer, which is part of why mine's gone! :P

Here, have a camwhore photo. http://twitpic.com/4muu1t

So you're saying Hoyle can claim prior art?

Third parent provides the mitochondrial DNA.

My hair stylist was giddy when I told him I wanted it cut short; he said "usually, the longer the hair, the less they let me cut off!"

[I know I'm going to pay for this in spam bots, but…] I resisted the Justin Beiber haircut; opted for something more "Sawyer from Lost."

Have I mentioned how much I enjoy ? Because I do. More with the Doctor Who spoilers, please.

I've long though "3-parent IVF" to be of interest to poly triad parents in addition to the medical applications.

Hey, if he can troll, so can I.

Inspired by I am off to get my hair cut short for the first time in seven years. This is mildly traumatic; bear with me.

Those silly people who encrypt their gtalk conversations must just really like mis-targeted ads, amirite?

But whatever. It's the cross-site HTTPS referrer leaking that alarms me; wouldn't be surprised if that bites us sometime.

objections seem to apply to the premise of encrypted.google.com. Yes, we have bigger problems. This is still half-assed.

So, I see relatively little value in encrypted.google.com, but even less since it passes search terms. Almost all of your

I think it would be valuable for the user to be able to decide that.

... are you really saying any link a user clicks from a trusted site is also therefore a trusted site?

Huh. Is that by chance, or is it the case browsers "MUST NOT" contain data to the right of a # by some standard?

Assume no. My point is, it sounds like you don't consider search terms sensitive, so what's the point of HTTPS on Google?

I have *some* data. Just not good data. I can't remember the last time I bookmarked/IM'd/whatever'd a search query.

Do you see a threat in your local network knowing what you were searching for?

have that data, but Google certainly does. I suspect the need to bookmark/IM results pages is relatively rare.

(How one would go about designing the UX and defaults for such a system depends largely upon how users behave; I don't

True, though I don't see a need to settle for one universal option. User wants to bookmark, he can be given such a URL.

Err, how is this a problem if the search terms aren't part of the URL on the results page?

I'm not asking that they block that it's a Google referrer, just that the query terms are stripped. (server-side).

Independently, I think the behavioral difference between HTTPS—>HTTP vs. HTTPS—HTTPS is a mistake.

Encrypted Google currently hides search queries from the local network; sanitizing referrers for users of e.g.c is easy.

Here, we have a situation where a trivial alteration would significantly reduce the leakage of sensitive data.

While I think linkable IPs are a privacy problem, I don't have a good solution, and carrier-grade NAT isn't it.

The whole point of encrypted Google search is privacy; though.

My point is "it's working as intended" and "the way it works is broken" aren't mutually exclusive.

"But it's always been broken this way" is not an argument I'm open to entertaining.

I have to wonder whose stupid idea that was.

Bitcoin’s Collusion Problem | http://j.mp/fhlZ3m (cc/ )

I give you baby skunks. In a tub. Enjoy. http://j.mp/em0fDd (HT/ )

Wow. Tho, the Q seems to be asking specifically about taking down the C&C (i.e. Bredolab). Curious about "sending commands".

"But the output is indistinguishable from random bits!" you say. Well, okay, but I thought you didn't trust it?

It's more "may hurt" than "tends to", but yes, if you E2(E1(P)), if E2 is susceptible to KP attacks, you lose.

Handbook of Applied Cryptography (http://j.mp/erbxvR) is the standard implementor's desk reference.

It's not complete; missing 's cable tag cloud Google Maps mashup, among other projects. cc/

If I made a video if my cat hunting and eating flies, I wonder if I could get to narrate it. He's got some serious moves.

Handbook of Applied Cryptography is the requisite reference; for other recs, see my replies to .

I find this children's ride disturbing. http://twitpic.com/4mchr2

That is inspiring.

Heh. I immediately thought of the last time I had to deal with an excess of complaints without alternatives, and it was CodeCon.

Honestly both, but the latter is only a vague uneasiness that I can't back up.

Everyone thinks they know how to run your conference — it's one of the joys of being a conference producer.

Paper.

I have a print copy of the Orange Book and a handful of others; I wonder how hard it is to get sets now.

Heh, it's because of AC that I ordered the Rainbow Books. Did you get them in hard copy? They were CD-only by the time I got mine.

Yes, we can. In the absence of the ability to make an attacker's job impossible, we make it harder. DEP does the latter.

That's pretty fantastic.

RFC 439 is awesome. I can't believe I've never read this before. (ht/ )

Oh god that's brilliant. How have I never seen this before?

Not sure if you saw the article I retweeted earlier; was discussing this with . ( http://j.mp/f3jSQT )

Well, there's degrees, right? All spambots have to do is stall the abuse team. The more interesting bots hold conversations.

Yeah, but the spambots I'm thinking of aren't doing that, I don't think. It's like they raided a fortune-cookie corpus.

Is there some standard corpus of "Tweets to help a spambot pass the Turing-test" that these spammers are all sharing?

Well, okay: that's why, to secure your computer, you lock it in a safe and bury it under 10 meters of concrete. :P

Jesus. I can no longer remember the names of all the laptops/workstations I've owned. #aginggeekproblems

Six out of my last seven laptops have been female, and so is my Android device.

Oh, tell me about it.

*blink* Is that an EFI setting?

That's funny. It gave me pause, since the name isn't particularly common, and the topic seemed like something you'd be interested in.

Let me emphasize the last book I mentioned, since computability theory is more essential than people realise (Sipser 2nd ed.)

I'd be happy to discuss this more, though off-Twitter is probably more sensible.

Yeah, so that doesn't quite get us what we're looking for; a toolkit of sound primitives for in-browser crypto.

I'd really like to know more about the math behind this. Is there an "industrial game theorist" community?

... which reminds me, I absconded with 's copy of CLRS years ago, and think I forgot to give it back. Sorry, Bram.

There is a Toastmaster's club in Leuven. This makes me really happy. (cc/ , ht/ )

Oh, wow, that's awesome. I hadn't looked since 06 or 07; glad this came up!

CLRS fills the same niche as HAC: it's an essential reference. Would like to hear your thoughts on Skiena; not familiar with it

(I've wanted to join Toastmasters for years (since before I left Anonymizer), but I had no luck finding the Belgian equivalent.)

Toastmasters is a really good idea, and something I plan to do after I have this dissertation off my back.

"Not my kink." (We picked the wrong field, perhaps!)

Yeah. :) I'd read AC and Stallings first, then Anderson, then Gutmann. Can't hurt to also read CLRS (Algorithms) and Sipser.

(I can't think of a better intro/basics book, though. Sort of like Kaufman/Perlman/Speciner for network security.)

Yep, that's the one Bart uses in his course. I'm not a huge fan, but that likely has to do with when I read it.

Better than "imagine the audience naked", I bet! :P

(I'm happy to make recommendations; I have a rather sizable library on the topic, but I'd need you to narrow the scope.)

That list should be sufficient for "general crypto"; from there, you start to want specialty-topic books.

... you're doing it wrong. 99% of crypto needs are addressed by OpenPGP or TLS; using those primitives avoids many pitfalls.

That's a reason we can work with! The context of the conv. was the assertion that if you're inventing your own crypto formats,

Why "very close?" A lot of hard work went into designing 4880 *so you don't have to.*

Focusing on a few key people in the audience whom I know are interested in the topic, and "talking to them", is what worked for me.

Does that work for you? I tried it early on in my speaking career, but I always feel befuddled w/o my glasses.

Oh! Peter Gutmann's Cryptographic Security Architecture is another excellent "art of crypto engineering" text.

You might also check out Ross Anderson's Security Engineering, or a the introductory book by William Stallings.

We use Stallings in our first-year crypto course here at Leuven; I'm fond of Anderson's Security Engineering for a broader view.

Practical Cryptography is a decent book, but there are better. Haven't had a chance to get the followup with Yoshi yet.

Depends on what you mean by implementation. For algorithm implementation, HAC is the way to go.

Speaking of the security of these newfangled file transfer services, has anyone audited Bump?

People are going to use dropbox services whether they're secure or not. Let's give them that choice.

People use the communication tools they have. The majority of encrypted emails would be cleartext were it not for PGP/SMIME.

Breaking Bad, especially the first season, is excellent, especially for chemistry geeks, and being shot on location helps it.

This is yet another use-case that would benefit from the existence of an RFC 4880 lib in JavaScript.

I disagree. The distinction between web apps and local apps is almost meaningless at this point.

I see no reason why a secure encrypted dropbox service wouldn't be feasible.

(Note, while HAC is kinda pricey, it is available in full on one of the authors' websites. I have two hard-copies, though.)

What's the long-term viability of these sorts of strategies? For the promotion designer, this should be considered an exploit, no?

Bah, we control the western world's beer supply. Any hostile action against Belgium would be met... dryly.

*sputter* My god, woman. Tell me you're not becoming a Keynesian. cc/

I think I was 16 when I first read Applied Cryptography, cover to cover. It changed my life.

I do recommend AC; I just don't recommend implementing off of it. For that, Handbook of Applied Cryptography.

I just saw http://j.mp/dUjlph for the first time. Have you thought about writing a book in this style?

That statement is true whether or not he audited anything; did you read what has to say about it?

If a developer's pride gets in the way of clear security vulnerability disclosure, that's a problem.

Err, wut? I thought there were flaws in cryptbin, not newly discovered flaws in HTTPS. Did I miss something?

Schneier's Applied Cryptography is an excellent introduction to the field; it's an absolutely terrible reference for implementors.

Well, it would be sensible to leave a testing site up for developer review. There's nothing wrong that can't be fixed, no?

(It's statistically extremely unlikely your 1.0 crypto implementation would not be completely broken. C.f. PGP, Tor, etc., etc.)

"help prove cryptbin secure" is an indication you should adjust how you're thinking about this. A good audit *will* find flaws.

I'm glad he listened to you.

"The signatures are too big!" is not a compelling reason to use ElGamal over RSA, whereas in some situations it is for ECC.

Yeah; most of my intuitive dislike for ElGamal transfers to ECC, but the trade-off arguments are far stronger for ECC.

It's easy to hate on amateur crypto implementations, but if the developer is asking for community review, there's at least hope. #cryptbin

Historically, crypto systems I've had reason to care about have had more ELG failures than any other individual algorithm.

(I think; he also had some trust issues with DSA because of NIST, but I think he got over that.)

"No keys larger than 1024" was one of my big gripes about DSA, and was Werner's rationale for implementing ElGamal signing

Err, isn't it? Wasn't that the whole point of SHA-2?

FWIW, it was specifically ElGamal signatures I warned against in gpg; I dislike DSA as well, but it's harder to mess up the gotchas

Yes, really, though I'm having difficulty summing it up in 140. Happy to chat about it at some point, though.

*blink* — are you writing for The Atlantic now? cc/

to email for them; there's a passage in there that's a great demonstration of why spam detection is an AI-hard problem.

I'm reminded of the Greg Egan novel — I think it was Permutation City — where people create rudimentary AI 'bots' to read/reply

Well, I guess I don't know that you're not still a bot. Does it matter, though, if satisfying conversation is being produced?

(I gave the same advice to Werner Koch 11 years ago. Don't use ElGamal; there's too many ways it can break.)

gah, phone was in airplane mode. I'm here now.

Sure, sounds good. Do I have your phone number? (I don't think so.)

So, what's the plan? :)

Depends on who the target is, really. Part of the point is to show "I can get a patent!", so maybe "Holds X patents" is enough.

Git is Inconsistent | http://j.mp/hX6gW1 | (Thank you, Russell and Zooko, for this simple demonstration of Git's brokenness.)

Hyperbole and a Half: This is Why I'll Never be an Adult |http://j.mp/dNS1Tv < (and why I fear I'll never get my PhD.)

"Second and third in line to throne neither female or catholic." ... are you *sure?*

No; you'd have to find out who gave *them* the cold, and so forth. Patient Zero would be your Head Vampire.

Question: Do any IDS or firewall systems check for/filter on the 3514 flag?

Though, the fix is, of course, to mandate that sites who ignore DNT set the evil bit on their traffic.

(I was obviously joking, but what makes it funny is the premise behind DNT appears to be the same.)

Yes, I'm saddened by the lack of adoption of RFC 3514. An effective universal evil bit would solve the malware problem!

It should clearly be "sexadecimal", but the problems with that name are obvious.

I'd love to! cc/

Don't drop the phone!

's xkcd-style "Overly-Literal Stick-Figure Theatre" rendition of Mr. Brightsides is still my favorite example of the form.

I've been wondering when Hawaii would stand up and say "Just take the train? What train?"

Hawaii, Other States, Form Caucus to Oppose TSA Intrusions | Hawaii Reporter http://j.mp/gUf1fQ

That's hilarious.

Does anyone have a copy of Evan Emory's video that landed him in jail?

Kiwi's mother of language discovery creates stir | Stuff.co.nz http://j.mp/dKsJ2p

It's dangerous to oversimplify motive when talking about large, diverse orgs like the US Gov; it's not that simple.

How would you go about breaking Rule #4? ;)

Maybe that explains the "hard nipples" trending topic?

Oy.

What did Caesar say after his one night stand? "Vidi, vici, veni."

Semper ubi, sub ubi.

On the contrary, I think both DNT and RFC 3514 would be incredibly effective, if everyone implemented and honored them!

The "Do Not Track flag" has always struck me as a variation on RFC 3514. Perhaps if we call it the "Don't Be Evil bit" Google will adopt it?

Yeah, I haven't read Caesar since my fourth form Latin class, but the opening to The Gallic Wars permanently occupies my memory.

I'm a connoisseur of the inappropriate, especially when it involves my kinks.

the Belgae weren't influenced by their effeminate goods. The next passage is about their near-daily wars with the Germans, though.

Well, in this case, they have; Caesar was remarking that the Belgae were tough because merchants didn't travel that far, and thus

Rrrrawr!

Poker Indictments: Daniel Tzvetkoff May Have Given Up The Online Poker Industry To The Feds http://j.mp/h8rcaC (HT/ )

Q: What's the difference between a math PhD and a large pizza? A: A large pizza can feed a family of four. (HT/ ) (*ducks*)

I'm not very well traveled outside of Europe, so my advice is limited; happy to discuss off-Twitter, if you want.

I'm having a remarkably hard time finding jokes about Islam (as opposed to anti-Islam jokes) on the Internet. C.f. http://j.mp/gDLLww

I don't agree with that statement, though it certainly applies to the "Trending" status. I get nearly 100% of my news here.

Boo.

Where are you thinking of emigrating to?

Two monkeys are having a bath. The first one says, "Ooh ooh ooh, ahh ahh ahh!" The second says, "Okay, geez, put some cold water in, then!"

Okay, so I appreciate "hard nipples" as much as the next guy, but why are they trending?

At least they weren't moose.

Reason number 972 I'm glad to be an expat: I no longer pay tithes to the US War Machine budget. #taxday

I know, I know. I claim "descendant of Potato Famine survivor" privilege. (Famine didn't get him, but corrupt US officials did!)

A woman walks into a bar and asks for a double entendre. So the bartender gives it to her.

Q: How does a lion like his meat? A: Rawr. (HT/ )

Q: What's blue and doesn't weigh a lot? A: Light blue. (HT/ )

Oh? What happens May 2nd, and where are you looking to move?

Yes, it is pretty clear you are an attention whore.cc/

Hello, Brussels Midi! I hear you have a paternoster for me to ride!

What is saying is absolutely appalling, and I thank for bringing it to the world's attention.

I'm not sure when I'll be in town next, but I definitely plan to go, and would be thrilled to have you join me.

The repeated detention and harassment of needs to cease. If you have cause, get a warrant. Stop ignoring the 4th Amendment.

"OTR for VoIP" is rather misleading; it's more like "TLS for VoIP".

. : thoughts? MT Octavia: Distributed file system w/security properties of Tahoe-LAFS & ease of Dropbox. http://bit.ly/gzLrV7

Goodbye, Paris.

I think you'd be seriously hard pressed to find a Buddhist who is offended by that joke. It's harmless. cc/

Q: How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish family? A: None. #BadJokeNightAtTheSassamanHome HT/

Q: Why did the TSA ban knitting on planes? A: They're afraid someone might knit an Afghan.

My European history from Charlemagne through the French Revolution is pretty sound; I pick up again ~1890. Need to fix this.

(I am not an expert in the history of the Industrial Revolution in Europe, though, by any means.)

The Dutch lost in large part because their soldiers refused to fight. That has to count for something.

(Reading over the tweet timeline it's clear from context that they mean HSV-2 when they say herpes, but clarity matters.)

Study on the impact of social acceptance of oral sex on the spread of genital HSV-1, to be precise.

between the two are blurring in the USA, probably due to the increased social acceptance of oral sex. Like to see a study on that.

(Note, I distinguish between "oral herpes/genital herpes" and "HSV-1/HSV-2". You can get either in either location, and the lines

Oral herpes, however, can cause herpes encephalitis. (This is obviously rare, but helps illustrate the irrationality here.)

While there's evidence that active HSV can increase the chance of HIV infection (open wound), genital herpes doesn't kill you.

Or if you were using it for HSV-1. We really need to end this "HSV-1 good, HSV-2 bad" mentality. You can get both in either spot.

The irony being the poly community gets that, and possibly over-emphasizes communication (while simultaneously penalizing it.)

The SFBA poly crowd absolutely excels at is rumor-mongering. A glimpse of Valtrex in your medicine cabinet & the whole town knows.

There's a significant social ostracism effect going on, too, e.g. not being invited to play parties, etc.

everyone who wants a shot at said hottie has an incentive to avoid HSV-2+ carriers, whether they personally care or not.

Well, when prominent, hot members of a community announce they will not sleep with anyone who has slept with an HSV-2+ person,

I did, however, have the most excellent veal kidneys in Paris. The waitress was against serving them to non-French at first.

I haven't had a good hotdog in almost a year. Cut me some slack! :)

This is why Detroit is having so much trouble. No need to buy molester vans anymore.

Emabler.

I don't even know what the hype is, beyond "better than facebook", but hamster dance was better than facebook, which I don't use.

I'm having a craving for hot dogs. And not these pansy Belgian hotdogs — all beef American Ballpark hotdogs. Dammit. I'm so out of luck.

Say hi to Suelette for me.

That's right, I'm hitting the Pastis I brought back from Paris. At 0935. I've been up all night, so that makes it okay, right? Right?

... why should I use Diaspora? What does it do for me?

[nit] Godwin's Law is not something you can break. It's not that kind of law. It's merely an observation. About USENET.

The United States [...] is undermining the entire system of international human rights monitoring around the world. | http://j.mp/gJwwcx

How to Shop for Free Online: Security Analysis of Cashier-as-a-Service Based Web Stores | http://j.mp/fG4bib

That is practically my diet to begin with; it's part of why I like Paris so much. :)

We've needed this workshop for a while (Deadline May 1): USENIX Workshop on Free and Open Communications on the Internet http://j.mp/i3fZ4K

Steve Jobs in 'In the Plex' - Apple 2.0 - Fortune Tech http://j.mp/i06gmh < Somewhere, Xerox PARC is laughing.

I missed that; link? (Not only do I get migraines, but for several years, they were atypically manifesting as full-blown seizures.)

The worst thing about travel? Getting a migraine immediately upon returning home, and not knowing which piece of luggage your meds are in.

How's Evernote's data security, as compared to Dropbox, for instance?

Thanks again to the Hackito Ergo Sum organizers; the number of excellent hacker cons in Europe these days is really delightful.

I'll try again when I'm not just off a train from Paris and toting luggage.

Dear : please criticize on substance, not fantasy. I don't care what his birth cert says: he's a poor president

I can't speak to social science, but in total, I will have paid €500 for my PhD in EE.

I think the Bruxelles Midi paternoster is a myth. #sadface

Personally, I thick grad student researchers getting paid a living wage w/affordable tuition is pretty awesome.

... and people wonder why I want to stay here after I graduate.

Arlington Road is excellent.

Happy to proof it for you.

That is friggen adorable.

My cat is randomly yowling into the bathroom. I'm not entirely sure he's sane.

If ever the security research community needed proof that the CAs don't pay attention to our work, it's here: http://j.mp/fOLTkE

It would be useful to have the list of papers laying out the original research that is being implemented by BitCoin.

PHB was also at that CodeCon. That blogpost feels like gaslighting. We've been talking about these threats loudly for over a decade.

... and I seem to recall you were at the first CodeCon, where the idea for PGP Universal (opportunistic PGP) was hatched.

Yes, please. I argued passionately for that in my first DEFCON talk. The MS people in the audience had a painfully flawed objection.

Many of the aspects that make X.509 TLS unsuited to the Internet are the same things that led us to reject S/MIME.

With respect to P Hallam-Baker, where has he been for the last 15 years? The Comodo hack involved no new threat model. | http://j.mp/gmJXDN

Does a video exist of the CFP 2010 panel, "History of Cypherpunks"? I'd like to watch it. | http://j.mp/e1EEat

(Now, too bad it's not popular in Belgium; there's something like all of five people with a greater than 80% match against me.)

I just checked out the OKCupid site on my phone. It is an example of mobile phone web app design done right; feels almost like a native app.

How does one determine their LinkedIn user number, anyway?

Thanks. That's the point I was trying to make with my original comment. :)

Tell me, at least, that you think comparing a failure to vet an RA to the 9/11 attacks was grossly inappropriate and inaccurate?

No, but I think perhaps the Wired reporter did! I copy/pasted.

A "kill list" for CAs is only a bandaid; some are "too big to fail." We need a better protocol. cc/

This has to do with the new HTTPS-only feature, not HTTPS pages themselves; could it be some kind of BIS regulation confusion?

... what exactly are you arguing here, Dan? So Comodo didn't cover up its failure. So what?

See the first comment in that screenshot. "HTTPS is blocked" is highly misleading.

Do you have a reference for that claim? How do you know it's Microsoft doing the blocking? What is "blocking" anyway?

Does he get a pass on responsibility for his failure, simply because he chose not to commit an ethical breach? #irony

Sure, but so what? A Wall Street banker mismanages a fund, and brings down a bank. Tells Congress "I could have covered it up!" ...

"Not covering it up" is a expected behavior of an ethical operator in this case. What, so they want a cookie? Sure, have a cookie.

I know this, but it doesn't give them immunity to criticism when they then do something inappropriate.

It's a general attempt to shift blame, but I can't see how it helps him; is he really saying "we shouldn't rely on CAs?" #Comodo

Mr. Abdulhayoglu: If you want to make inappropriate disaster analogies, Comodo's breach is far more akin to Chernobyl than 9/11. You failed.

CAs need to view users of their public root certs as users they owe a service to. Comodo breached the trust of its users, due to negligence.

CAs having shitty security policy is an old threat, and the victims are the companies impersonated. http://j.mp/gNDlCP

Comodo CEO Melih Abdulhayoglu is a creep. "Our own planes are being used against us"? Wow. | http://j.mp/gNDlCP

Good on Mozilla for admitting it was a mistake to embargo the #Comodo breach information. | http://j.mp/dU0HTe

funny, living in SF I got the feeling that each subculture believed it was _their_ city, and all others were intruding.

Not is it a tractable approach. Vast majority of users do not control their own domain, not have the ability to.

"it" being telnet, or ssh? :-)

I'm sorry; could you explain how that page solves, trivially or otherwise, the problem of orphaned users?

I'm not forgetting that, but it wasn't ssh's betterness that made people *turn off* telnet. It was telnet's insecurity.

(obviously the comparison only goes so far given the different user profile)

what are the current usage figures for telnet? I recall a similar debate about ssh adoption a decade ago.

we're now focused the real problem (defense.) But, there are many potential delivery vectors, of which MITM is but one.

ah. I've spent too long working on parser attacks that injection means something different to me.

How does TLS stop browser malware, even then? You seem to be conflating multiple problems.

(of course, the distinction is somewhat fuzzy in OAuth, but still.)

I though that was about API access rather than simple auth.

so far we haven't seen any auth blocking of that sort, but I lost access to all my OpenID accounts when SixApart shut down Vox.

That's gorgeous.

No one really wants to ask the question "what happens when your OpenID provider goes away", though.

That's a silly argument. While I'm not a fan of OpenID in its particulars, the concept is great. OAuth is even better.

I'm connected to CID 40185 currently, with no data service available.

But, I'll humor you. [...] Yup, EDGE is still down, even after a reboot. I occasionally get ~30s of connectivity, that's it.

... seriously? I'm running Android, not Windows 95, and I don't need to restart it to reconnect to the network.

The network in Leuven is still down.

The trust assumptions in X.500 are incompatible with the public Internet. That's the crux of the matter. cc/

Oh, damn you, now I have a craving.

Really, should use and honor a single language pref when logged in, and should detect system lang pref, esp on devices.

Is there a way to tell to always serve me the English google.com page when I access it from my phone?

It's completely unacceptable for an ISP to not have a network status/outage information page. Twitter does not count. cc/

This greatly disappoints me; has been using much longer, and had been v. happy with the service. Scaling problems?

I've been a customer for three weeks, and as of today, the network has been down more than up during the times I've needed it

The media doesn't *know* anything more than it's saying, and it is jumping to conclusions, which is what I'm objecting to.

How are you so sure that the intended target isn't government? Skype, Google, etc., accounts are a vector for many targets.

Actually, I think there's a strong case for arbitrary attacker to be using an Iranian source address: misdirection.

Ugh, I always feel like I've been hit by a truck after a Remicade infusion.

you do, however.

ah, I missed that they got the email addresses from the loyalty card program. Heh.

Interesting article on impostor syndrome in SciAm: http://scribd.com/mobile/documents/50611368…

Leuven has no network service, again. Third day in less than a week.

I notice how the headlines have gone from "Iran suspected" to "Iran involved" in the Comodo hack. Did I miss something?

You never saw Tom and Jerry?

My first DEFCON talk, 10 years ago as just reminded me, was both "Why isn't the web 100% HTTPS" and "Certs are worthless"

I don't presume to know the root of the underlying incompetence plaguing us, but I want it to stop.

mind you, the answer could be "because they're lazy", but it could also be "because they don't grok the brokenness."

No, it's why is everyone complacent and stupid and not working seriously on fixing the brokenness around us!

That is pretty hard to believe.

I finally get it. has been trolling me all night.

Not even. 24 years means parole at 7 years, unless he does something stupid in prison.

(The problem seems to be with the Adobe 2o7.net link, though why that's there in the first place is beyond me.) cc/

I keep trying every few days to sign up for , and keep failing on the payment page. This is frustrating.

Murder in the Time of Cholera | Cover Story | News and Opinion | Philadelphia Weekly http://j.mp/elQfuW

New York Times advances weird, self-destructive trademark theory to prop up its paywall - Boing Boing http://j.mp/hrrIVD

WebAIM: Blog - History of the browser user-agent string http://j.mp/gR8iVE < There's a lesson in here about versioning scheme design, too.

I mean the current X.509 system. PKI can take many forms. This one is broken.

That's "Square", not "SquareTrade." Oops?

Wow. Speaking of people failing to understand threat modeling...

Tea is always good.

I take it you're not a fan of ssh's "trust by continuity" key management? cc/

I fail to see any accusations against in there beyond the title. Trolling for clicks?

As I said, it's all about the green bar! That's why it's green. It means money! :-)

Yeah, really. It's the *key* problem with SSL, and related to the problem that any CA can issue a cert for my site without my auth.

(speaking strictly on the verification process; assuming price, etc., were all equal. Throw in the green bar.)

If EV cert validation were the only way to get an SSL cert, we'd see a lot fewer SSL-capable sites.

fantasy anyway. CAs cannot improve their verification of SSL certs without compromising their sales figures.

Ah, I get what you're saying! I'd actually expect EV certs would get an even stricter verification policy, except that this is all

So, here's the dirty little secret: you need to access the verification policies of all CAs that share a root store.

Sure, but at the end of the day, that's pointless. Having an EV cert does not stop me from MITM'ing your users with my Comodo cert.

actually closes the deal.

The only thing of value that an EV cert customer gets is the green bar. You'd have to survey Verisign salesdroids to find out what

. Actually, quite a few entities pay extra for a green bar, it would appear!

The tradeoff is "fix problem via warning now" or "fix problem via update later"

That's not an exclusive OR, though.

In the "embargo" scenario, the attacker is already likely blocking updates if it has the ability to, but 0% of victims have warning

I'm having a hard time parsing that. Probability of attacker *not* blocking updates? Utility is also important here.

This is apparently not possible to explain in 140. I'll write up a blog post.

Yeah, we do. It's important that we find a way to explain this to people like Venditz, though. I should write up a blog post.

Jake's "state level adversary and untalented idiot" comment nails it.

My response to Veditz's argument is that he's got the threat modeling wrong.

(I also don't see how it would "royally" screw you. Jake didn't say "instantaneously." You'd have a window.

... CA based on any criteria other than price, you're a fool." Root revocation might change the incentives involved.

Part of the problem is the economics of the certificate transaction, as well. There's a saying: "If you choose your ...

I agree with , because it's the only way to enforce that CAs maintain a minimum level of trustworthiness.

No, you didn't do anything wrong, but this is the cost of relying on such a horribly ill-designed system. cc/ioerror

I'm just going by what the two Mozilla people are saying their motives were.

Eight days might be fast enough, if the verification process for obtaining a cert were several orders of magnitude more stringent.

The security margins involved in public certificate issuance are chosen based on a much shorter expected revocation time.

8 days is instantaneous for an 0-day, but forever for a credential.

Well, furthermore, public knowledge of the problem doesn't open the door to other attackers, as it does with exploits.

The fact that doesn't seem to get it, either, makes me think Mozilla meant well but failed at threat modeling.

— ascribing incorrect motives will simply alienate those involved. Rather, we need to explain why the decision was wrong.

I think it's important, if "vendor relations" wasn't the motivation, but failed threat modeling was, to get this right --

Daniel Veditz claims otherwise, and gives his rationale here. http://j.mp/evCTNL

It depends. In this case absolutely; this isn't an 0-day, it's a security policy breach, and an embargo decreases security.

the bugzilla thread). It implies they intended to do right by the users, however misguided. Education is necessary.

That's fair. I'm heartened to read that there was at least a rationale for treating this like an ordinary exploit (from

Quite a few comments on Mozilla's blog are critical of their agreement to an embargo. http://j.mp/fwLrkq

My suspicion is that the Comodo hack is a domestic action; those with ties to Iranian activists should encourage them to upgrade browsers.

I'm curious as to your reasoning for agreeing to even a limited embargo.

Props to for both spotting the CA shenanigans, and calling foul on the disclosure embargo here: http://j.mp/gX46xb

Revocation isn't the #1 problem, though. Trusting all certs for all sites is.

Presumably; though Rapleaf could be correlating the datasets through some other means.

. is on a roll, compiling the #ArabTyrantManual

One of the more interesting things we've learned from the Comodo hack is there's an eight-day window for an attacker to act. Boo on vendors.

How many RAs are based in "southern Europe"? (re: http://bit.ly/hKd3ps) cc/

If by "decent FAQ" you mean "slanted corporate damage control", then sure.

OpenSignalMaps: Crowd-sourced carrier coverage maps. http://opensignalmaps.com via

. is quick to reply to positve feedback on #Twitter; ignored my tweets re the two outages this week, though.

This is the second time in the last week this has happened, btw. I should be able to see an outage history on a status page.

Do you have a page for network status that customers can view? No indication of problem on my account page.

Yeah, pointed that out right after I replied to you. It makes sense.

Second time this month that EDGE service simply doesn't work in Leuven. While it's a probably BASE's fault, I'm still unhappy

A "bad state" is one forced to employ other means. A less cynical def. would probably involve respect for the rule of law.

That's kind of my point. A "good state" is hereby defined as one *approved* to have a root cert in the browsers.

Not far fetched at all, imo. But I doubted Manning was a real person when the story first broke, so...

Interesting. You may have nailed it. Which means, of course, all non-US-embargoed rogue states are able to MITM with impunity.

Have a look at my post to p2p-hackers from... Dec, I think; I laid out a design for a self-contained server infrast

If it's "just a matter of paperwork", then why did Iran (presumably) go to all the trouble to compromise Comodo? Why not go legit?

Leaksites need to have cypherpunks on their design teams, or they're simply bait.

help, and was essentially ignored. Say what you will about Julian, he knows his infosec, and I'd trust #Wikileaks.

(Not to pick on unduly; others are just as bad. But I contacted them when they launched, offering my

Is it ignorance? Incompetence? Lack of resources? Desire to "get the scoop" at all costs? cc/

The remaining question, then, is why do sites like *not* care about security?

So, I think we all generally agree here; 140 limit is making this more difficult than it has to be.

How do vendors distinguish between "good" states and "bad" states when approving the inclusion of root certs? Why is .cn good and .ir bad?

Information coming out on the CA attack points to a state actor. Let's not lose sight that many states do not need to attack CAs to do this.

I just realized Belgium has two official certs in Chrome. Gee, thanks guys; I really want my government to be able to MITM me.

That's disappointing. Tho, looking at that slide, I'd say dropping all CAs not in that table would make sense, if it covers 97%.

A survey of Wikileaks knock-off's security practices says most leaksite operators don't agree.

My first DEFCON talk was about how the X.509 infrastructure, and its execution in web browsers, was fatally flawed. It's only gotten worse.

How large of a market share does Comodo have? Disabling their root seems appropriate in situations like this.

rarr!

Googlers Buy More Junk Food Than Microsofties (And Why Rapleaf Is Creepy) http://j.mp/gokxx9

Any concern for source safety is to further that goal. We must understand the motives at play here.

of its sources. Its primary objective is to obtain secret material and ensure its dissemination. That's all.

But it's not clear to me that an individual leaksite such as must necessarily care about the safety

that will be a major setback to all leaksites in terms of trustworthiness among sources.

all we need is a few high-profile cases where a whistleblower is outed because of leaksite security problems, and

has the potential to get its users killed if I fuck up, for instance. It's a question of conscience. Furthermore,

Oh, don't get me wrong; I think it's a very important issue. I've always been very aware that the software I release

Stylized witloof stickers in #Leuven. http://twitpic.com/4chnya

those sites give confidence and encouragement to would-be leakers. QED, they are useful.

I don't disagree. But, that's a different issue.

I didn't say the leaker doesn't care! I said the public, or you, might not.

Mind you, I think sites like are going to get someone killed, so, this isn't an easy question.

Or to put it another way: is Bradley Manning's sacrifice "worth it" for the good it has brought the world?

... is it not better for the information to leak, and the leaker to go to jail, than for the leaker to not leak?

As long as the leak site is "legit", e.g. they are honest and intend to publish what the whistleblower provides ...

I mean precisely what I said. It is not clear it is in your interest to warn about bad security on those sites.

This is satire, right?

Has FM radio support been hacked for the Nexus S yet? Is there an ongoing effort?

Playing with Layar on my Nexus S, I can't help but think Kevin Burton would love the augmented reality Twitter avatar location viewer.

I'm quite eager to get my hands on an Adam, but there's no way I'm listing my email address on a Facebook wall. Alternatives?

Ah, yes. :) The profiling tool is really neat; just ran it against Twitter as I was trying to figure out this TLS thing.

Well, that presumes you value whistleblower safety over information transparency. Some might not.

(By "relevant papers", what do you mean, anyhow? BitCoin hasn't published any peer-reviewed papers afaik.)

What was that a reply to? Or was that general agreement for everything I've said in the last day? :)

Google Chrome's developer console is pretty damn useful.

The domain mismatch between the main frame and the geo.js/base.js scripts should still cause TLS warnings, I'm afraid.

Awesome! BTW, I really like what Google has done with SPDY and HSTS in Chrome; any chance of HSTS support so these issues can't happen?

Sure; I'm using a Nexus S (Android 2.3.3) with the stock Chrome-based browser.

Personally I think bitcoin is overhyped, but the hype itself is interesting.

If OpenLeaks wants to do something useful, they'd focus on software development of "leaksite" platforms for e.g. to use.

I love how ReCAPTCHA gets to know the IP and timestamp for every submission to . *headdesk*

The page itself has been updated; not a "hoax", just not actually an attack.

Japanese Nuclear Reactor Systems Drawn Like a NYC Subway Map | Mother Jones http://j.mp/gncBgG

This smells even better than it looks. http://twitpic.com/4c5r4s

I suspect it is a conflict of generational culture, not geographic.

Library of the Arenberg Campus.

"Bioinformaticists are almost always wrong, in general."

Past censorshop of .ly domains by Libya: http://j.mp/fAJcSE Bit.ly's comments on Quora: http://j.mp/gE0f1L cc/

This has been answered; there's a blog post you'll want to read, but short answer is "no, majority of .ly servers not in LY"

Heh. has added me to its list "Might not follow orders." I think that's a compliment.

There's a television crew on my street. Go away, noisy people with cameras!

Interesting project, OpenPGP in HTML5: http://gpgtools.org/mobile/index.html…

"Coelho, the Dan Brown of Brazilian literature." Ouch. *That* bad?

Thank you for my daily allowance of lolz.

I haven't tested the official Twitter client apps but I bet they send in the clear. Mobile platforms are where I really need TLS, too. #fail

mobile.twitter.com serves up mixed HTTP/HTTPS content when I explicitly use TLS, in addition to ignoring my "always use TLS" preference.

Really? It's still being discussed as legit on the cryptography list. Do you have a pointer to the "hoax" details?

Motorola signing key leak explained http://j.mp/hn7FhK

. has taken to calling me "honey badger." I'm not sure if this is endearing or not.

Bradley Manning's Torturous Treatment Met By Growing Resistance | Mother Jones http://j.mp/gKIe2Q

That about sums up my reaction. cc/

I don't think you can model "editorial decisions" this way. It's silly to call a bad editorial decision an "intrusion."

How do you define "attack" in an editorial policy context?

Informative slide deck from UCSB physics professor on the Fukushima situation. | http://j.mp/gpF6rb

Yes. Weapons-grade plutonium is PU-239.

The problem with censoring content communicated through your service is your approval is then implied for all uncensored content. #Apple

that's not to say threading isn't useful; it is. Just not the same as RT tracking. cc/

Wow, the response from the "Arsenic Life" authors in this post is cringeworthy. "The Internet isn't real, mmmkay?" http://j.mp/gMjOLo

Are you sure it does what and I are talking about? It's not working for me, just showing threaded conversation.

I was just wishing for that tree view myself.

Wow. Did they just walk out of 1996?

Huh, I'm finding it almost impossible to connect to the EDGE network in Leuven; when I do, I'm dropped after 20sec. Problems?

... to have per-instance permission granting. Heck, OLPC did this.

that's not the point. Sure, an app must never exceed the perms it is granted at install time, but there's no reason not

Same issue with Android. There's no reason to have to commit to permission granting "once and for all" at install time, yet we do.

Hipster Trap Creators Have A History Of Duping Unsuspecting New Yorkers: Gothamist http://j.mp/eU9L6s

Just met with the member of my committee who wasn't able to attend my presentation. He's happy with my progress, so, onward!

Putting things in perspective, Internet Explorer 2.0 apparently achieves a 93/100 on the Acid3 | http://j.mp/gSVKSz

The correct response would have been "I'll sit next to a pile of as much caffeine as you will plutonium."

Kastelpark Arenberg and the ESAT building in the distance. http://twitpic.com/4alphv

Kastel Arenberg. http://twitpic.com/4alp7g

Geese.

On my way to work. http://twitpic.com/4alou1

Duck.

Huh. Twitter's mobile site ignores your TLS preferences. That's annoying.

Hah! No, no it doesn't. That's bizarre.

"Antique morality laws" implies something other than the situation; they are contemporary laws.

A nice gentleman at my local weekly market sells sheep ice cream, so goat butter doesn't surprise me.

Kevin Kenny's "Making Sense of the Molly Maguires" is probably the best book on the subject. http://j.mp/fTR7y2

Installed correctly after I removed the copy of 0.3 I had installed; thinks my country code is +1, though.

FOSS Patents: Google's Android faces a serious Linux copyright issue (potentially bigger than its Java problem) http://fosspatents.blogspot.com/2011/03/googles-android-faces-serious-linux.html…

Edward J. Naughton: Google's Android Contains Legal Landmines for Developers and Device Manufacturers http://huffingtonpost.com/edward-j-naughton/googles-android-contains-_b_836697.html… via

Google copyright purge leaves Android developers exposed • The Register http://theregister.co.uk/2011/03/17/android_copyright/… via

Times Square hacker hoax revealed to be viral ad - Advertising - Salon.com http://j.mp/eJrDnl

(in short: the exemptions are OR, not XOR, says someone who's dealt with this at multiple software firms.)

So, I did some checking of my own, and it sounds like your lawyers are confused. We should take this off Twitter, though.

I'm glad to hear you're using XTS; it's kind of appalling how many disk encryption apps are still using CBC (and badly).

I'm assuming this is your own port of LUKS, and not the one offered here? https://github.com/guardianproject/luks/wiki

I'm hoping the work I'm doing for my thesis will change that; it requires GOOG to care, though. cc/

Would iptables support be a possibility in whispercore? cc/

Yeah, that's why I was suggesting you separate the su issue from iptables. cc/

research access to commercial encryption source code if that's the case. #itar

I'd love to see a blog post about this; this is something the EFF should be interested in, I'd think. The BXA is chilling

haven't had time; the issue's self-explanatory though.

from a UX standpoint. Also, that way users would be able to run a rooted stock firmware + Orbot without problems.

I'd been hoping to see iptables support in Android proper, since it's a very good way of doing system-wide Tor cc/

Orbot claims to offer transparent proxying on rooted phones, but really means "on rooted phones with iptables" cc/

Separating out su from that statement; how does iptables support subvert the Android security model? cc/

*blink* did I miss the release?

I was thinking how unfortunate it is that all my friends having babies are an ocean away, and just realized they all probably have FaceTime.

be an ombudsman you can talk to. Etc. (I've been through this myself, unfortunately.)

It obviously depends on who the medical care provider was. If it's your GP's office, complain to the GP. If it's a hospital, there will

... new job? Do tell!

Wow, that sucks. Depending on what sort of medical care provider it was, you might want to complain.

Reading Christopher Poole's comments on why Zuckerberg's anti-anonymity agenda is harmful. I'd like to meet him some day. #unlikelyallies

every time you tweet a link to Tumblr, your followers overload their servers with hits and they blame it on furry green beasts.

Is it just me, or is Tumblr down more than up these days?

It happens. Is this a published paper, or a conference submission?

Which nuclear plants in the US are at highest earthquake damage risk? http://feedly.com/k/h5S72Q | ugh, Limerick is at the top of the list.

US military's "gratuitously harsh treatment" of Manning condemned by NYT, WaPo, LAT, ACLU http://feedly.com/k/ewsOSW

Making Twitter more secure: HTTPS http://feedly.com/k/i3gYbl

Are there any movies with that basic premise that you consider good? All you have to do is refer to one such review...

Huh. In my experience, it's always better to be upfront about your level of emotional availability (or lack thereof).

Oh, ouch. ... ... ... how long did it take to get that out of him?

I'm confused. Wouldn't your software be covered by http://j.mp/ianPpl ? It's a simple notification procedure.

Debunking a viral blog post on the nuke threat - War Room - Salon.com http://j.mp/hMjhTl

IMO it's *not* scarier, despite being quite scary.

source code publishing was possible, and considered protected speech. We went through this at PGP.

How do export restrictions affect your ability to publish source code? Even when the ITAR regs were *more* restrictive,

err, damn you swype. Tobacco. I meant tobacco.

cigarettes are another popular smuggling item. The tax on chewing tabasco is ridiculous as well.

Fukushima situation as of Wednesday • The Register http://j.mp/gEy7Xm

want, and the wonks behind it seem to think the tech side is magic voodoo that can accomplish whatever they set as policy.

The entire "right to be forgotten" premise is problematic. From a technical standpoint it's nearly impossible to do what they

Damn, I completely forgot about #BHEU.

It still needs to be integrated with the remailer network, of course, but that shouldn't be too hard. I'm happy to help.

Wow, Android with something other than a Windows 95 security model? Excellent.

Ah, bingo; when I tunnel in through a US server, it works fine. That's pretty confusing, . Already I'm unimpressed.

BTW, this is the construction I would like to see smartphone remailers using: http://j.mp/c2gEJl

len.sassaman ... at gmail.

is there an "enable root" option, or do I have to re-root the phone afterward? (An option to install su and busybox would be nice.)

Wish list for #Chrome: the ability to set a different SOCKS5 proxy per tab, for easy switching between VPN/ssh tunnels.

. They just did a site redesign, apparently. I'd be amused if someone pushed the wrong version of the signup page. #quora

So is supposedly open sign-up (http://j.mp/ghKNQa), but I get told it's invite-only (http://j.mp/hmpUx7). Site versioning fail?

Heh. I can at least see what Quora is trying to do; Google Moderator, I haven't a clue.

Then why do I get this? http://twitpic.com/4a2scs

Both Tor and DNS can be hijacked; the attacker profile for either is similarly advanced.

BTW, I could use a Quora invite; anyone?

I'm trying to understand what Google Moderator is good for, but I'm just not getting it. Like Quora, but, not?

I pointed at your work on SPDY and the TLS extensions; I'm not sure he's the right person, but he can pass it on.

[also, glad to see more countries supported by RedPhone. Here's a vote to bump Belgium up in the priority queue.]

... integration with ?

What OS image does this install? I looked for technical details on the site but couldn't find any. Any possibility of ...

ouch.

: "DJ RevMoon provides audible wallpaper" ...

While I haven't dug into exactly why they do that, I assume it's a regulatory requirement?

Oy. Dropbox, now there's a name in privacy! </snark>

yep, that about sums it up.

The Abuse of Private Manning - NYTimes.com http://j.mp/fZG94B

You should; I suspect it will be useful at your scale. It's in production for a number of Google sites. http://j.mp/f5H7L9

Twitter users: go to your settings page (http://j.mp/fCFOe3) and at the bottom, enable "Always use HTTPS." Yes, right now.

Glad to see Twitter has a "use TLS" option; maybe Facebook can learn from it. Have you looked into using SPDY at all?

Hmm. On second thought, naming 's new home office printer "bartleby" is like asking it to not work.

yes, as have many other european countries, including .de, though .de has been regressing to coal over the last decade.

sure, I'll agree with that; what about the others?

An understandable reaction, though perhaps not the best move from a strategic standpoint.

Your test was successful.

link?

If anyone is thinking of signing up for Formulists, I could use the referral juice from this link: http://goo.gl/C6wiE

What has Twitter become? http://feedly.com/k/ftpT2a

Google said to be preparing NFC checkout trials for San Francisco and New York City http://feedly.com/k/gIlbH5

The irrational, hasty reactions to Fukushima by European politicians are only the beginning. | http://j.mp/gk8WDt ht/

Interesting paper on group selection forces: http://j.mp/eJWCdg #evolution

Could you expand on that? How would #Guardian been able to protect him?

Pretty much. cc/

VeriFone Must Be Scared Shitless About Square http://feedly.com/k/i6bxOw

Making auth easier: OAuth 2.0 for Google APIs http://feedly.com/k/hAI5mu

P.J. Crowley and the Limits of Openness http://feedly.com/k/eCAbDO

Man With 4th Amendment Written on Chest Sues Over Airport Arrest http://feedly.com/k/e5Z5bJ

Curvy wood floors use CAD/CAM to minimize wastage http://feedly.com/k/el199G

Adobe finds 'critical' security hole in Flash Player, won't fix it before next week http://feedly.com/k/eEydiA

William Shatner explains what microprocessors are and do... from way back in 1976 http://feedly.com/k/fCYdXl

Just How Popular Are Unofficial Twitter Clients? http://feedly.com/k/fbhwxD

Richard Stallman: Cell Phones Are 'Stalin's Dream' http://feedly.com/k/e49efZ

The New Model Army 30th Anniversary Anthology Box Set is a must-have for die-hard fans. The artwork collection alone makes it worth it.

Guardian on potential impact Manning treatment might have on McKinnon case. http://m.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/mar/15/noxious-silence-on-manning-treatment?cat=world&type=article…

glad you're enjoying it!

Water, wind, and sun are all great alternatives if they're viable in your specific location; none are universal.

Half of them are GE. Fukushima I 3 and 5 are Toshiba, Fukushima I 4 is Hitachi.

well, to be clear, journal reviewers != publishers.

wtf?

Journal reviewers deserve our gratitude for their important role as gatekeepers of academic progress, of course.

Well, there's nothing stopping me from saying τ instead of 2π if I want to risk annoying or confusing a journal reviewer...

to being humorous. So if you find yourself regularly writing equations with π in them, he's hoping you'll change your ways.

Well, if he's to be believed, his intention is to convince people who write math articles to adopt his convention in addition

"such conflict is impossible"... try telling that to a California cop!

Desktop film editing and special effects are getting pretty impressive, aren't they?

(I'm only a pretend mathematician anyway; my work has practical applications.) #ohsnap

While the argument for using τ as our constant instead of π, it seems like an awful lot of trouble to avoid a multiplication.

wait, that phase was supposed to only last 20 minutes? #doingitwrong

There is a significant conflict between the Second Amendment and California law; but you know this, so why you be trollin'?

... in California?

Lessons learned from the Feedly for Android beta 1 | Building Feedly http://j.mp/hLQxPZ

Hipster trap http://feedly.com/k/g9v8ZK

Requesting a favor from fellow Android users: could someone please download Red Laser and send it to me? The App store doesn't like .be

I hadn't realised that my Belgian friend is so much younger than I am. He was 15 when I moved to Belgium. #beenheretoolong

Should I go to ? Should I spend my birthday in Paris? Oh, such difficult questions. #yesofcourseishould

yeah, the twitter naming scheme doesn't allow for domain routing.

what drugs is he on? That's a serious question. Aspergers doesn't explain that.

Link? Not that I really want to watch Lamo spewing any more bullshit...

I am saddened by the death of Owsley Stanley.

WikiLeakers and Whistle-Blowers: Obama's Hard Line http://time.com/time/nation/article/0,8599,2058340,00.html?xid=tweetbut… via

I've had too many days like that myself lately.

yes, though the Manning case has stripped away plausible deniability by virtue of its visibility.

a man after my own heart (attack)

This is how firings of such positions go: a resignation is requested and accepted.

. do you know of any recent polls of public opinion on Manning issue, esp. among Obama supporters? This has to hurt his approval.

That is like saying "shelter isn't bricks, it's in architecture." Silly false dichotomy.

Dear Mike Hammer: follow your predecessor's lead, and demand the treat its soldiers humanely. History will notice.

. take note: lost his job because of and blogs. #NetDelusion

Surely must realize this, which is what I find odd.

Despite his many sins, will rightfully enter the history books as a man of conscience for this action.

I'm glad this was swift. is free to speak his mind, and it is now clear himself condones torture.

Apparently 's tweet about not "reshuffling the deck chairs" was unauthorized and unappreciated. Respect, Mr. Crowley.

it is hard to be a vegetarian in Houston; meat particles are always in the air. #truefact

This is the first major BWR event (level 4) in history; mad props to the engineers for over-engineering the safety systems.

I grew up within sight of the cooling towers of a BWR plant, Limerick; same essential design as Fukushima.

To clarify, not "more prone to disaster", but more serious outcome if disaster occurs.

AFAIK that only an issue if there is a full containment breach, which is highly unlikely, even at present.

Huh. PWR is the most common design; older than BWR, and requires active cooling. This is a longer conv. than #twitter affords, tho.

That does not, however, mean it should not be attempted or considered. https://twitter.com/lensassaman/status/46997138076471296

That does not, however, mean it should not be attempted or considered.

While I would prefer to see newer designs in use, e.g. ESBWR, the defense-in-depth protocols for Fukushima are working well.

. 's ouster dispels any myths that Obama isn't complicit in the serious abuse of a US soldier in a US brig. Impeachment, anyone?

he's trapping into archetypal fantasies as deep as "commoner marries Prince".

oh, but that's part of it! Men dream of "still having it" at that age, and women, being The One for the confirmed bachelor.

Live music and good weather in the Oude Markt. Excellent.

yep. Though I doubt you'll hear him admit this was planned; no one likes to be had, and he knows that (irony!)

(you probably didn't even notice the overt product placement for eg Plants vs Zombies. Beating the tabloids at their own game.)

(Hef found a way to cut TV out of Reality TV and turn his Twitter stream into an interactive soap opera. Brilliant.)

imo, this was fairly well planned and clever. But it's relative, right? After all, we're talking selling pop music and Playboy.

Dammit. Made it five days, but my punctured lip finally got infected. Time to switch from salt water to iso-betaine. #ouch

celebrity twitter drama is the new reality television. Dunno about Harris, but Hef is making bank on this.

It's too early to find sales data on Crystal Harris's single released the day of the "surprise" breakup, but the real Q: is it any good?

Crystal Harris: Hugh Hefner Relationship Was For Publicity | http://bit.ly/l8jrR6 (No, really? I'm shocked! *snerk*)

Hmm. Anyone have a Google+ invitation to spare?

SF proposes ban on sale of pets, thus ensuring it cannot regulate conditions of pet stores its citizens frequent. | http://lat.ms/jmGy3Y

Near miss for the International Space Station. I'm impressed we've held off Kessler Syndrome for so long. | http://bbc.in/kfVXQ4

I'm almost tempted to go put on some clothes and ask them to be quiet myself, just to get the woman across the street to shut up. Le sigh.

realise, though, is *they* can't hear *her*. Why not go talk to them? Well, that's not how people in Leuven do things, apparently.

I'm awake, so I don't mind, but my neighbor has been yelling "shut up" and "be quiet" every 10 minutes for an hour now. What she doesn't

The neighbors at the bottom of my street are out front talking, and the street is an echo tunnel, so it actually sounds louder in my room —

RegEx match open tags except XHTML self-contained tags - Stack Overflow http://bit.ly/ifKN71 | This is brilliant (HT/ )

Wow, this actually looks... good: The Sex Files: A Dark XXX Parody | http://j.mp/iQ3kAj

I've added a handful; have a look at who I'm following.

Infinite loops are DECIDABLE. I think your proof by reduction is wrong.

keeping it classy as always.

Soon my ex-gf's house will be beach-front property (she's just N of Queen out near the Beaches).

brain fart. I see it now. I've long thought that laws should have to pass a logical validator before being passed.

actually the last notable time i ignored the sounds of a circling helicopter, found mself staring down NVPD assult rifles.

Yes, but you must have a computer! It's 2010, these things are streamed live...

Nah. EU regulations would require that be written in far too many languages to fit on a helicopter.

I need calories.

Question to all the little people inside my computer, then... what was the first consequential lie you ever told? Do you remember?

So, it's at least two of them; looks like they're flying a half circle around the ring. One looks like a news helicopter, one is black.

US Patent 7,743,001. Where's the prior art? http://www.pat2pdf.org/patents/pat7743001.pdf

Buzzing my house so low it the roof shakes serves no purpose. Nothing of note on this street since the last hanging in the old gallows.

What the FUCK is up with these helicopters?

Anyone know where I can find Belgian disability laws, *in English*? I'm sorry my Dutch is horrible.

Well, if seeing his name in print was Lamo's motivation for contacting the FBI, it hasn't stopped working... http://bit.ly/9HQktm

I have photos of the black helicopter. If I had a stronger lens, I'm sure you'd read "Politie" on the side.

Persistant helicopter flying above Leuven, triggering my ptsd. Go away, helicopter!

Note to self — do not point the 200mm lens at the sun's reflection in your neighbor's window. You will be blind, and look like a peepingtom.

Jonathan Kay of the makes me realize I *still* don't understand Canadian political views.

Since this is an beta feature (#twitter support) then they really shouldn't be shipping with an outdated UI. Maybe next rev?

(Seriously, everything that can be said about that part of this drama has been said. If we ever get to hear from Manning that will be diff.)

Thinking of publishing pub. domain my unpublished research ideas on anonymity systems once/if my thesis topic change is approved. No time!

Happy to help! :)

Ooh. There's one page I'd love to get my hands on -- need to hunt it up.

Err, excom our king, I mean.

Alternative, trivially easy suggestion -- make a list I can follow, instead of following this account.

The first four seasons of The Wire are adequate credentials. I can't say the 5th was a treat, but it was inevitable.

-- you'd be able to tweet your members' tweets in full (saving 12 chars plus their name length) if you'd retweet instead of C&P.

I'm sure there's a festival or something on the other side of town. I just happen to be right beneath where they turn around.

We're a Catholic country, though. The least the Pope could do is excommunicate him for not obstructing justice. "Not with a bang but.."

Sounds close to my idea of paradise.

If Twitter can show a retweet in full, why does Adium truncate the chars greater than 140 after adding the rt'er's name?

How did I let myself run out of pain meds on a weekend?

"The owner of the Second Cup..had taped a sign in his window noting, “Independently Owned, Uniquely Canadian,” but to no avail.

I want to see a proposal that all G20 world leaders must watch all five seasons of The Wire. is brilliant.

StatusNet's biggest problem (rather, federated microblogging's biggest problem) is lack of a domain ID within user IDs. This breaks replies.

Congrats from a former classmate of Eric (&Donny -- 2 years between them -- Class '98.)

"Assessment of Planned Security Costs for the 2010 G8 and G20 Summits" http://bit.ly/aNtKv0 -- thanks !

Comparing / to ; seems more... sincere.

Whyever would you use crypt() !?

Over 500M was allocated for the RCMP. Is this on top of normal overhead for three days, or was that budget item moved?

I feel bad that my initial reaction was "that's awesome." At least, it might spice up Questionable Content for the next week or so.

That seems tobe the prevailing opinion of Torontonians. Now, I'm not against protests. Even violent ones. But wtf are ppl protesting?

Wow. The Plan9 guys foresaw DNS pre-fetching in their work on the Plumber.

Or "... all landings are inevitable?"

This is awesome: http://bit.ly/9XveIX brain-computer interface to post to twitter. Tech for people with syndrome

Are the articles of incorporation for a 501c3 publicly accessible? If so, how? Pointers on 501c3 law in general would be appreciated.

Kinda wish I were in Toronto this weekend.

If you know of a suitable place to retweet the notice about the first-ever Leuven DIYBIO meeting, please do.

Old news, but this is great. DES and AES implemented in spreadsheets. http://www.micsymposium.org/mics_2004/Chok.pdf

"Black bloc" phenomenon by simple malcontents, or an agent provocateur strategy for... what? Discuss.

Hey, I haven't seen you in far too long. What are you up to this weekend? The Leuven DIYBIO group's first meeting is tom.night. :)

Those who think the Collateral Murder video was an outlier should read this, and the linked articles. http://bit.ly/b3e2jY This is war.

Why is Launchpad better than Sourceforge?

Date: Friday, July 26th Time: 8 pm Place: Universum (Taverne), Herbert Hooverplein 26, Leuven | Leuven's first DIYBIO group meeting.

(If I'm right, they'll have to rebreak it. Suck.)

US Debt over $13T now. Who thinks we'll see debt = 150% GDP before the end of 2011?

Wow. Interpolique is getting press coverage. Two articles so far. , aren't you glad we don't have real gossip rags?

Tomorrow now being tonight (Friday) -- my last post had the details. 8pm, H. Hooverplein 26.

I sketched out what it would take to run Mixminion over 140 char UTF-8 and the number of fragmented packets would be absurd.

Anyone know what char encodings Twitter and StatusNet support? UTF-8 for sure. CESU-8? I could pack 6 bytes per char with that. so 560-840B

The Wire got kinda weak during Season 4 and only slightly recovered. I'd compromise for someone who'd seen the first 4.

You already have a single number. It's called the SSN, and it's horribly designed. Not to mention it's used as an ID *and* an auth.

Hmm. I think that boken injury to my finger a year ago was a break. It has stayed at the same pain level since T+3w. I guess I need an x-ray

Crypto Q: If I want to implement mixes in 140 chars, is ECElGamal a reasonable starting point for the mix wrapping construction?

I'm faklempt.

I feel you. I'm just perplexed, though. Average security cost is something like $12M. How do you spend 1B on a weeknd?

Good luck to you both!

If only a copy would show up at my office...

(Oh, and I agree, it's a brilliant requirement.)

Thanks — Sphinx has been in my to-read pile for a while.

Whatever were you wearing?

I really need to swim again.

Maybe some of the IMEC folks would be interested in joining us?

iPhone paved the way for that; Kindle got away with removing *content*. I think OTU aka OAU is here to stay.

... them, but far larger protests about more impassioned issues happen all the time with much less of a violent element.

Hmm. I wonder if a different UI might have a different result. Cryptome got some good third-party analysis by the cpunks...

Okay. I see the phenomenon of large groups with nothing in common other than a dislike for .int treaty orgs (or wanting to lobby ..

Are you saying, "Don't be a dick!"?

Publication of db of gun permit holders caused decrease in burglary for the short term in areas of high gun ownership (~15w) before rebound

Americans need real national ID numbers. Face it -- you don't have the choice no "no number". It's either your SSN, or something sane.

I'm on record about my opinion of Lamo, in this academic paper published well before the Manning scandal. http://bit.ly/bT62hT

[ALEV-FULL] Freedom of Expression in Europe http://dai.ly/9GpIK2 sur

Got the paper -- thanks to the anonymous facilitator!

Note to self -- look up Hal Varian's paper on public vs. "more public" data.

Seda's talking about The Transparent Society. Is David Brin on Twitter?

(Alessandro is an economist interested in privacy/anonymity issues.)

Damn, economics is sexy. I have a natural talent for it, too. Why am I doing EE again?

Thank you; it was for this workshop: http://bit.ly/biEVeH (and printed in the FC proceedings - http://fc10.ifca.ai/ )

Hah. Predicting SSNs from publicly available / demographic info. That's amusing.

Can anyone get me a copy of "Crime and punishment: An economic approach" by Becker 1968? email rabbi at ieee ...

Guns, Privacy, and Crime. I'm liking Alessandro's current talk. Being "the American" in the room, I ask a very different set of Q's...

Congratulations!

The best thing that the SSA could do to fight identify theft in the USA would be to publish the entire SSN database.

Wow, seeing myself in HD makes me realize just how badly I need an eyebrow wax. Problem is I only trust one esthetician, and she's in SF.

Alessandro Acquisti's talk "Privacy Concerns and Information Disclosure: An Illusion of Control Hypothesis" is quite interesting.

My papers are all available here: http://bit.ly/8YMDS0 (if you want bibtex, go here: http://bit.ly/d85sqg and check the box).

NRA claims Tenn gun owner db gives "lighted path" to criminals looking to steal guns. Alessandro — "Maybe we have a testable hypothesis!"

Thanks to for the great panel session, and for indulging my questions aimed at challenging the data retention laws.

I prefer "weasel of entropy", my Internet Jesus.

— plz send me the trac link too, so I can make sure it's followed up on

All I've said on the topic is that if we're writing code to contrib. to an existing project, we should do it in their language.

The greater issue is maintainability. If you hand $opensource_project some beautiful code in a language none of $osp's devs speak

they are correct to hesitate before accepting it. I don't want to end up in the contrib ghetto.

Just be careful with the videochat then. Why Apple needs to know who you are talking to is beyond me...

At Leuven's Interdisciplinary Privacy Course. http://bit.ly/cjzbu2

Fuck Vietnamese food.

Who else is coming to the Open Science Summit? http://opensciencesummit.com/ I'm on a panel on DIYBIO safety concerns.

I wonder how Apple will handle so many logged video call connections: http://bit.ly/bocDXg

— read this before you upgrade to 4.0: http://bit.ly/bocDXg

Spent yesterday at EU Parliment. Great panel bit.ly/cqrWcO w/ . Why are EU MEPs so much more... normal, than US reps and senators?

They will be up on the site tomorrow, I think Claudia said?

Is there a free ECC ElGamal Encryption implementation out there? Ideally a Drupal module...

That's a nice change ( being helpful)

445nm laser diodes exist now, in addition to 405nm "BluRay" diodes. It'll be 3 years before we get them as swag.I like living in the future.

Thalys doesn't have any such restrictions… why is train bandwidth an issue in the USA and not in the EU?

-- congrats on the schedule!

Who called you a Haskell nutjob?

— it is essential that Tor users submitting to Wikileaks do so through an exit node controlled by Wikileaks.

Looks like we've missed each other -- antihistamines for the lose. Let's stay in touch on that project via email.

— no, not sure what it is about Vietnamese food that does this to me. Wasn't shrimp — I didn't have trouble breathing.

Not speaking DC this year, but after my first talk when I was still very... intoxicated from the Sat. night parties, Friday <3

I have found the Adium team very responsive to bug disclosure. Of course, I can't blame them if they're pissy about twitter-0-days.

Anyone else an identi.ca user? What's your username? I'm rabbi, of course.

My kitten likes banana ice cream.

Damn. Is the ICFP contest going on? I wanted to join a team this year. Oops.

Okay, trying Adium with identi.ca now. No Oauth yet...

Huh. Having trouble connecting Adium or Twitter back to identi.ca

Hmm. I am now getting an error when I try to subscribe to anyone. It is an unhelpful message saying "http://identi.ca" (newline 2x) "error"

I see Adium supports logining into identi.ca in b18; no timeline like twitter and no oauth request sent afaik.

Anyone run into this problem with identi.ca before? (maybe I should turn off twitter x-posting for the time being)

I can't believe that list omits witloof met hesp/zalm.

I think my neighborhood weasel needs a twitter account.

Hmm. So that's an identi.ca bug; I can use Adium "just fine" to post to it, but under Connections it lists zero allowed apps. Worrisome.

Black Hat talk is online — http://bit.ly/c8I6bB (We're currently at the same time as (other half of the talk) but expect fixed soon)

I have a weasel that lives in my neighborhood. He just ran up the street. He's so cute -- looks like he's galloping.

Montreal seems to be a hotbed of startups these days. Check out identica if you haven't; I'm liking it a lot.

I hear that.

Did you get to see the full, unredacted logs yourself?

Now if only I could figure out how to read my Twitter feed over here... I guess I can re-add everyone, but that would take forever.

Either he is concealing that lied in his interview with , or he is withholding information no longer secret.

I hear that, too.

I suspect it will break a lot of things it shouldn't...

Looking forward to it! In the mean time, any other reading you recommend?

I'm amazed at how well OAuth/AJAX/etc. all hold together. Now, to secure them!

Would you believe the founder of identi.ca is a friend from my SF days? I'd lost touch, and didn't know what he was doing these days.

Taco bell hard tacos are like that, too. It's very weird.

Wait, you aren't really Jesus?

Oh, and I'm married now — were you at the CodeCon where I proposed?

you deserve the beer. I should be at the hearing, so afterward maybe, or later if you're staying in the BRU are?

I actually want to talk more about this with you, but in person. But I think it might help to hear what I have to say.

But I've been saying it just over a decade now. It seems that people are beginning to pay attention. Hooray!

You're going to America? God help my countrymen. Just go ahead and *try* to convince me that Crooked Little Vein wasn't autobio

Why thank you. I can't actually take credit for that phrase — I think Ulf Möller or Adam Shostack may have used it before me

Heh. Yes, indeed. Just because it's *needed* for video doesn't mean it's not also *useful* for other scenarios. I <3 revert in gen

If you're in Brussels tomorrow, please let me and <lj user="maradydd"> buy you a beer. (I have tech stuff to talk about, too. but

The "one lunatic should not have that much power" rule comes into play the greater the number of nukes + peeps who can user them.

Pretty good. Still in Belgium working on the PhD... had an idea I want to bounce off of you re: an anonymity system over microblogs.

I only let him lick the lid. Given that I took cream filled donuts and pizza out of his diet, to much protesting, its compromise

I've got a similar invitation to a similar event; never been to one. Is the audience usually receptive?

Twitter won't let you have https://homepage.example.com -- it autoadds http:// in front of any homepage URL that lacks that string. Bad.

Give these guys some love, they do good work: http://www.linuxfund.org/

Just joined http://ncdnhc.org -- thanks

Sponsors are needed for the Open Science Summit — http://opensciencesummit.com/ if you can help, let me know.

when you set your prefs for you homepage, on the main Twitter page http://twitter.com/settings/profile ? What browser, is JS turned off

So what's going on with the ICANN meeting this weekend?

Does anyone want to do some browser plugin programming for a good cause? Est. 10-20 hours of work, prob. less.

pointer to exposition? Just was involved with an ECPA (illegal email seizure) case, poss. precident setting.

Now any time someone hits on you, you'll worry they're a gold-digger? (That's why you should only let good friends hit on you.)

True friends aren't going to be jealous of you, though.

Unless I missed a response from , there's already one contradiction on record about what Manning said in those logs.

Oh, the cat likes his tuna to *age* a bit before he cleans the can. I see.

Grr. My bio is not up on Black Hat's page, and my name is not listed next to my talk. 2 years in a row?

Motti, MEP for Italy, wants content providers (Facebook, Flickr, Twitter) and search engines to have to record IP addresses linked to use

Question of the day for a company I advise: take another round of angel, or scrape by and hold out for VC with a stronger product... hmm.

This does not change the game very much, since the EU resolution that ISPs are supposed to practice "data retention" is in place

Inside the Machine by Jon Stokes is the best intro-to-modern CPUs book I have ever read. I think all software devs would benefit from it.

(I'm sure it will be fixed, but I didn't notice last year that only my co-presenter was listed until after the printed material was out.

congrats! Is Crypto next?

Damn. Where? I could use that time machine right about now.

I am worried, though, about the cult of personality developing around Julian. We need more than one Wikileaks.

One of my reasons for being a cypherpunk, back in those formative years, was to enable the sorts of things Wikileaks is doing.

-- cite?

"What is Wikileaks' bus number?" is how would ask this. I.e., if Julian is hit by a bus, how many more people can afford tobe hit?

I sure hope set things up so that if he is killed/kidnapped, it will not matter to Wikileaks. (It *must* matter to the world.)

I love it. I have to wonder if you could have fab'd 32 bit RISC procs in 1977, even armed with dies, though...

Anyone know how long a soldier can be detained without a court martial?

On being a whistleblower: http://crabbygolightly.com/mt/2010/06/what_motivates_julian_assange.html

Okay, so the suspect is in custody. How long until you have to formally charge him?

just to be clear, you're talking about CA law here? If not, but you have time/means, I'd love an answer either way.

basically, I'm wondering why it matters whether Lamo was talking to Manning with his journalist hat on or not, from Manning's POV

Maybe a CA lawyer or reporter who knows more from personal experience can comment?

It's even better when you're trying to make the projector go so you can give a presentation!

Thanks to , for that answer. "Brought to trial" in this case means "arraigned."

Lamo says that he wasn't; Manning might claim that he thought he was, if doing so afforded any benefit.

The question is, will anyone do anything about it? I'd love to imagine Bush, Cheney, Rove, Rice, Rumsfeld, and Obama in the Hague, but can't

Also, I'm surprised didn't suggest using OTR when he was having these sensitive discussions. Far easier than PGP, and works with AIM.

I'll be at the next ICANN meeting. Anything I should pay particular attention to?

Gawker calls out as 's "PR guy". Seems like not everyone is buying that "Wired is a third party" business.

I can sympathize. I hate sending rejections, esp. for good talks/papers.

thanks. I'll ask a friend with a lexis account to find that for me. it'll be a day, probably.

While seemingly obvious, that's been up for debate for years. Hey, give me a call sometime, eh?

Okay, so I know that CA law and Federal law differ pretty substantially, but this is an area of law I don't know much about.

Well, it could be as simple as Manning presenting *his* chat log, where he accepts Lamo's offer, but the packet got dropped.

Yeah, I know that all too well. (UCMJ rules.) Which is why I was wondering why all the fuss about him not accepting 's offer

You can lose all the weight you want, but you're still an asshole. That's how they spot you. ;)

Q for CA law scholars: can journalistic priv. be implicitly invoked? I.e., if it is offered, and you say nada but then share secrets... ?

BTW, to anyone who thinks the Collateral Murder video is horrifying — and it is — needs to realize, though, that that's just how war is.

The question of the hour: if Manning is a psi-ops agent, set up as a lesson not to leak to Wikileaks, who buys who the beer?

No stop in Belgium? ;)

(Have you read the interview with one of the men in the Collateral Murder video, who tried to help the kids? http://bit.ly/br5L1H )

(I listened to that entire segment personally.)

Curious silence from regarding and my question...

In the case that Manning does only do six months, six months in military prison is going to be a long six months...

(I still want to know how a 21 year old gets a TS, anyway. Is the US Army that desperate?) I guess I already know that answer too well.

But these soliders were following their ROE, and presumably reason to believe their fellow soldiers were at risk.

I'm not sure either, but I wouldn't be surprised if it were stronger (protected someone who believed the conv. was priv.) in CA.

Ironically, much like Somalia. We need to stop pretending to be the world's saviors. We can't even balance our own country's budget.

Don't think I'm defending war, or the actions taken in it. I'm not. I'm remarking on the naivete of Americans when it comes to its realities

that I care more about the truth than believing the story I want to believe. I'm trying to approach this with the same… skepticism.

…your interview I'd change my mind, but it looks mostly to be a venue for you to put forth your statement of facts, as you recall them.

Intentionally killing civilians *is* a war crime, and while I'm not sure the C.M. video is enough to prove intent, testimony re 360 fire is

When soldiers are given 360 rotat. shooting orders in response to IEDs by people who *know* that will mean killing civs, how can we pretend?

So someone who was told by a member of the press that their "deep background" conversations could have that conv. used against him

We've lost in Iraq, because the civilians see us as the enemy at this point, not the "insurgents".

(And since already talked about it, Wired/ can't claim it is a secret anymore. So there's no reason to keep it redacted.)

1. Liberating from whom? 2. I all wars are filled with "war crimes". I won't dispute that.

…setting the record, but are different than the investigative journalism style employed by . Now maybe if I heard the tapes of...

we do have a product to ship...

— I know you've been under siege since this started, but you've known me for years. Not well, but well enough to know

but if their orders don't include that, then that's that. Read a sad account of a soldier trying to reopen an AF school

And sure they were itching to kill — that's why most people join the Army. Others want to do something good for the world,

My impression from that piece was it was a "This has been said, what is your side of the story" piece. These have value for...

-- we disagree, and I say this the husband of a (discharged) soldier. This is modern warfare. It's as messy as it always has been.

I didn't hear it, which turns down my reliability rating on a bit. But I didn't listen to the whole thing, my wife did.

I will listen myself with a fresh mind after sleep. But I would still like to know about the "crippling US foreign relations" bit.

I *do* like the answers, and find the article incredibly helpful, since previously your answers were scattered in various places.

anyone who wants to extend it is free to; we'll even roll it back in if there's a compile flag to build the scaled down code we want.

I'm now waiting on or someone else who caught the bit in the recording claiming prior knowledge of Manning to explain.

And had orders to do so. If we don't place the blame beyond the "boys on the ground" nothing will change.

On my experience fighting the US Army: http://rabbi.vox.com/library/post/the-us-army-vs-my-wife-who-would-you-bet-on.html

Are you on Abilene or NLR?

(I got tired of hoping someone else would write it.)

Have any physicists ever attempted the quantum suicide theory?

The error: <wl-supporters@sunshinepress.org>: connect to mail.sunshinepress.org[88.80.13.160]: Connection timed out

Adium beta, why do you hate me so?

the world needs an expert in cell bio genetics and langsec

It occurs to me that I've never tweeted the BioPunk Manifesto, despite having inspired to write it: http://bit.ly/aC5ODC

Read it. Contemplate it. And then, join us!

Adium Beta, please stop crashing, thanks.

(I coded on the whiteboard. Meredith did the coding on the computer. We wrote this system for analysing and recommending music for 1 reason:

In 2005, Dejector killed SQL injection attacks for good. People have been slow to notice, but DOI:10.1007/978-3-540-78959-8_14 gets it!

Some people have asked about my background image. It's a photo I took myself, of the lights on a German highway.

That said, a huge thank-you to Sabine Aiching of Aeroplan for helping get my 70K (falsely) expired miles re-instated.

Oh, my eyes!

hmm. the last message might have been spam… spambots can pass the Turing test these days.

Of course, Brussels is in Flanders, where we speak Flemish, except in Brussels, where most people speak French. ;)

Did you notice that Google has a "hidden" feature in YouTube for dynamic subtitles based on voice recognition?

I don't think there's been a 50 year period in the last 2000+ years where the map of Europe hasn't changed!

I built a database supported, data-mining media analysis and retrieval system based on features of the content learned as + and - values

where are you?

Thanks for that.

congrats on iceland!

Julian is giving a talk in Las Vegas today.

I can forward the bounce message, if you have some place for me to forward it to.

Oh, and the Federal Government of Belgium, of course.

"safe" and "in America" seem contradictory these days.

What was up with the email bounces? Is that fixed now?

I have for many years -- just changed my name to be more easily findable.

Been trying to get a hold of you -- drop me an email when you've got a chance?

What are your thoughts on the current Wikileaks business?

That's one way of putting it.

(probably because we waste all that money on health care!)

whitebox cryptography has some hope, but at least there the threat is bounded

Yep. Loved the bit about ssh. Looking forward to working on the proof paper with you and

Yep, saw the traceroute from belnet to geant2 to nlr… do you have a personal twitter address?

Is this something the airline industry would care about for its business strategy? Wifi is still rare...

I just saw a picture of you, recent I presume. You look younger than I expected; haven't seen you in 10 years.

Belgium = Flanders, Wallonia, Brussels. Also Belgium = The French Linguistic Community, The Flemish L. C., and the German L. C.

As well as adjust to their perceived mood. Even using the current hardware that planes like Virgin have,

Of course, outside the window in my flat are buildings that predate the European discovery of the New World...

Yeah, you give us 11 months, but it's still quite frustrating to find out 12 mo later that you didn't get credit for BRU-SFO

Sure. From what I gather, also, most Americans think that "Old Europe" is communist, and we can't afford to feed our people...

You have Internet2 access? We should think of something interesting to work on — I have a GÉANT2 connection via BELNET and DANTE.

you could have a "virtual DJ" interact with the customer and help them select music/movies based on likes and dislikes.

I wish you would be a bit more forgiving of people who don't catch that your checkin agents failed to record your FFM number

I'm working on a system that would make in-flight entertainment consoles predict and adapt to a given customer's tastes --

do you have any use for a database with a datamining engine built in (accessable through the SQL interp.) in your current setup?

I just realized prep school I went to is only four years younger than the Kingdom of Belgium. Weird.

Does Twitter always have this much trouble with capacity? I just started using it seriously yesterday, and I expected better.

Changed my Twitter name so I can be more easily recognized. Oh noes!

I should start a list of El Reg articles refuting Wired.com bullshit. http://bit.ly/c5VBy5 (2010) http://bit.ly/bNQTlk (2001)

The world needs more people like Spc. Manning.

Awake, but groggy. Late night last night reading math papers.

Good luck avoiding the "men in black"

If you're in the Army occupying Iraq right now, and you don't want to desert, you can at least follow his lead and reveal US warcrimes.

has a long history of screwing people over. See Joe Grand / and the SF parking meters, the recent Tor lies, etc

BTW, do you need more mirrors? I can assist with that in various jurisdictions.

If you hope that wired.com reporters will decry the actions of one of their editors at risk of their jobs, you'll be disappointed.

That's how I've felt the last week.

It's hard to trust someone's word when they've repeatedly shown themselves to be untrustworthy.

Certainly the effectiveness of a meeting is inversely proportional to the number of attendees...

Really? It seems to me to be pretty unstable still. Oh, btw, know anyone interested in malware research for that platform?

If anyone has a copy of e7lisp-latest, or the source tree, please let me know!

The entire town of Leuven is a lilac garden right now. :)

I hereby apologise for ever defending Kevin Paulsen's character. I was wrong, and I am sorry. As for Lamo, well, I told you so.

happy coming out!

still looking for help with the hardening project?

I never did get you to one of my after-parties, did I? Pity.

proud of ourselves, are we? :)

The hoopla amuses me, since I've been saying this stuff for the last *five years*.

Diaspora sounds like well-intentioned vaporware, but maybe they can turn into a grant clearinghouse or something.

Still, that they raised 20K from public donations shows, 500M Facebook users later, privacy concerns are starting to become hip.

I'd like to know the answer to that, too.

I've stayed in that hotel. Of all the hotels in SF, why that one? Methinks your manager has a grudge… ;)

I sometimes have dreams in which "I" am another person than myself (awake), and sex/gender have varied in those dreams.

It's snowing!

Tweeting from Adium. Oh noes!

Smoking too much. Drinking too little.

Damn. Of all the reasons to be awake at 0535, that was a pretty damn good one.

Symantec just bought PGP for $300M. Congrats to my friends there — I know how hard you've worked for that!

That blows. (Bah dum pssh!)

time travel zombie what?

— hit me up, I might be able to get you contacts depending on the subject.

any idea what the fireball was?

Please tell me you're moping, and will get over it soon.

I find that whole situation hilarious -- does that make me an enemy of the state?

2 more

4?5?6? fuckit. fuckitall.

Another.

Uh, 1/8th x 3?

La la la.

1 more. no sleep. massive headache. everyone has their breaking points. why should i be any differnet>?

Okay, we'll try this again. Aside from... two butts? I haven't had any cigarettes since Monday, when I probably had eight. So, none today!

Just said goodbye to M., who is flying back to SF today. I miss her already!

4? 5? What constitutes "today"?

Subject: Every1 wants a G1ANT POCKET WEASEL! <-- begging for Spamusement treatment.

Fucking smoking up a fucking storm god dammit.

Been smoking 1/2 a cig a day lately and lazy about posting it, though it was 3 today. Dizzy now.

- don't they always? :) How'd the final count turn out?

: in all fairness, PA isn't *all* bad. Stay near Pittsburgh or Philadelphia, and things are a lot better.

3/4 of one.

2 yesterday, 1 today. I think. I'm almost quit.

1. I really want this move to be finished.

: I hear that.

2 1/2 yesterday, 1 this morning, one in a few minutes. Move is finished, mostly. Just have to clean the old place!

1/4 of that one i started earlier. blech, yuck.

I think that was 2 1/2 today. (Just finished 1, had at least the 1/2ish, maybe another before that.)

1/3 of one.

2 more.

most of one. bleh.

1. getting depressed about not making any progress on moving. Sigh.

1/2 of one. must. finish. moving. today.

- can't tonight, but i'll go climbing when I get back!

Wow, depressed.

1/4 of a cig. the tepid-turkey approach has always worked best for me, and now that i can kind of afford the excess sleep, i am trying this.

5-6 yesterday?

half of one.

1 smoke. Bed now.

1. sleep now plz.

2 moar.

1 smoke about 30 minutes ago, shared with M. This was right after I learned a friend's dad has Stage IV lung cancer. I need to quit.

blmurch: luck!

Oh, does anyone have access to a "real" OLPC XO? One that the school kids are getting, I mean. I'll pay a lot for it.

(We had to leave out a *lot* for the paper to fit in 5 pages. I see a conference submission in the near future...)

(Now being 19:45)

1 earlier.

I think that was five all told; but the paper is submitted!

3 smokes between 12:30 and now.

-- I hear that. *hugs* Are you taking iron supplements?

-- see LJ. :)

I'm never taking another exam in my life.

(oh, and no sleep last night -- yay anxiety.)

1 last smoke before my exam. why do i feel like a condemned man?

- not sure what the email's about, but good luck!

1 smoke

1 more

1? 2? losing count.

1.

Signing up for Twitter!

... and now I am being watched by maradydd.

I'm now testing the XMPP support in Twitter!

... and I'm packing to leave Pennsylvania. This was far too short a visit -- I must return soon.

I'm quite thankful I don't host my boxen at 365 Main. Drunken Sysadmins are no excuse for day-long outages.

